{"sentence": ["strong and convincing ", "against a tree ", "balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner ", "at its visual delights ", "is priceless . ", ", it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . ", "captivates and ", "the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . ", "subzero ", "the adrenaline jolt ", "mediocre exercise ", "shockingly manages to be even worse than its title ", "this engaging film ", "technically superb film ", "contrived as this may sound ", "self-deprecating , biting and witty feature ", "well-made ", "brazil-like , hyper-real satire ", "the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy ", "for a film that has nothing ", "it 's soulful and unslick ", "benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story ", "enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded ", "uneasy bonds ", "scenes all end in someone screaming . ", "ends up being surprisingly dull ", "out on video before month 's end ", "the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull ", "savor the story ", "take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , ", ", it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . ", "picture that does not move ", "a manipulative whitewash ", "run out of clever ideas and visual gags ", "touching good sense ", "as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year ", "a trove ", "original nor terribly funny ", "consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable ", "insultingly ", "just plain bad ", "is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later ", "meaningful ", "a bid to hold our attention ", "... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be ", "informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... ", "take on loss and loneliness ", "an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ", "of pointless mayhem ", "its one-sidedness ", "with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "boasting this many genuine cackles ", "his most critically insightful ", "devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama ", "problematic characters ", "enjoyable comedy ", "is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs ", "the ingenuity ", "the overall fabric is hypnotic , and ", "cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances ", "appreciated ", "full of funny situations and honest observations ", "no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . ", "an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick ", "touched ", "time , death ", "schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , ", "direct-to-video/dvd ", "quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ", "recent successes ", "funny bone ", "a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse ", "abundant humanism ", "decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . ", "anything fresh ", "as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . ", "most likeable ", "and cinemantic flair ", "generosity and diplomacy ", "charge money for this ? ", "steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "tacky nonsense ", "thrills and extreme emotions ", "is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . ", "as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . ", "tart ", "holm does his sly , intricate magic , and ", "it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . ", "it pretends to investigate ", "part of being a good documentarian ", "by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ", "fascinate me ", "sweet-tempered comedy ", "i recommend it for its originality alone ", "it labors as storytelling . ", "for finding meaning in relationships or work ", "is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . ", ", joyous romp of a film . ", "though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . ", "notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "united states ", "uncomfortable movie ", "the unusual power ", "the two and ", "your toes wo n't still be tapping ", "of love and humility ", "best espionage picture ", "guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts ", "as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism ", "a bitter taste ", "creative team ", "the grieving process ", "p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible ", "lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works ", "this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller ", "to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews ", "incredible storyline ", "dopey dialogue and ", "it 's leaden and predictable , ", "director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . ", "canny crowd pleaser ", "'s good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart ", "who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? ", "a solid , ", "discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus ", "can do no wrong with jason x. ", ", has stopped challenging himself ", "rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative ", "through torture ", "beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . ", "meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . ", "the cat 's meow ", "blustery ", "is attractive . ", "been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe ", "dollars ", "sorvino ", "clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience ", "' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . ", "much to recommend the film ", "one more dumb high school comedy ", "ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour ", "translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . ", "'s ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . ", "hugely entertaining and ", "'s hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre ", "a deliberative account of a lifestyle ", "proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . ", "predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting ", "the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . ", "from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "mind crappy movies as much ", "reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "a simple misfire ", "diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . ", "it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump ", "charming , banter-filled comedy ", "parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances ", "squeeze a few laughs out of the material ", "hard-sell ", "treats us ", "too skewed to ever get a hold on ", "a cutting hollywood satire ", "a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day ", "in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . ", "consumed by lust and love ", "sentimental , hypocritical ", "in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . ", "well acted by diane lane and richard gere . ", "the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . ", "accentuating ", "most breezy movie ", "loves ", "each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial ", "reinvigorated ", "boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ", "were less densely plotted ", "rapid-fire delivery ", "familiar situations and repetitive scenes ", "a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence ", "show us a good time ", "the lord ", "a lumbering , wheezy drag ", "has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . ", "in the end , there is n't much to it . ", "dazzling panoramic shots ", "... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . ", "retard ", "star power ", "an immensely appealing couple ", "'m not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . ", "who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . ", "the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes ", "unique and ", "the free-wheeling noir spirit ", "of authentically impulsive humor ", "the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it . ", "sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "subtlety and warmth ", "it does have one saving grace . ", "'s like an all-star salute ", "whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that ", "worthwhile glimpse ", "thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest ", "that kind of impact on me these days ", "unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive ", "is well below expectations ", "objectivity and refusal ", "seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ", "caring for animals and ", "because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before ", "a host of splendid performances ", "sugary sentiment and withholds delivery ", "ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . ", "as a director , eastwood is off his game ", "effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "comical ", "can smell the grease on the plot ", "loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them ", ", pathetic , starving and untalented ", "a glorified sitcom , and ", "you want to see it ", "makes it attractive throughout ", "from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "was , by its moods , and by its subtly ", "wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 ", "made a decent ` intro ' documentary ", "commercialism all in the same movie ", "is , in fact , so interesting ", "no bearing on the story ", "as a surprisingly anemic disappointment ", "it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . ", "with formalist experimentation in cinematic art ", "'s a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties ", "soft-core twaddle ", "worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops ", "which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them ", "`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and ", "cheapening it ", "dramatic comedy ", "numbness . ", "as rude and profane as ever , ", "that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character ", "from the ages ", "steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "boasts enough funny ", "bogs down in a surfeit of characters ", "he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . ", "consuming self-absorption ", "failing ", "describing badness ", "dumb ", "too clich\u00e9d ", "i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , ", "is a dud . ", "possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "more colorful ", "historic ", "contrived sequels ", "welcome in her most charmless ", "'d do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... ", "david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . ", "pinheads who talk throughout the show . ", "stirring ", "finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee ", "the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . ", "an almost unbearably morbid ", "more damning ", "foul substances ", "a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . ", "see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' ", "the old saying goes , because it 's true ", "the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction ", "brisk ", "its exquisite acting ", "drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination ", "will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . ", "by now intolerable ", "the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends ", "the chaos of an urban conflagration ", "what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . ", "a whale of a good time ", "twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch ", "romantic , riveting and handsomely ", "emphasizes every line and sag ", "blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is ", "an alluring backdrop ", "super-dooper-adorability intact ", "'s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , ", "a beautiful paean ", "that it 's far too sentimental ", "to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once ", "rather unique ", "it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so ", "is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . ", "a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . ", "`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but ", "a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "innovations and glimpse ", "as a serious drama about spousal abuse ", "directed without the expected flair or imagination ", "in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie ", "does a great combination act ", "need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . ", "uncluttered , resonant gem ", "the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem ", ", the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . ", "said the film was better than saving private ryan ", "skip the film ", "could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ", "be underestimated ", "a straight-ahead thriller that ", "is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy ", "e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . ", "semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . ", "be most in the mind of the killer ", "makes sense , with its unbelievable na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks ", "is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . ", "slick and ", "as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant ", "almost generic ", "( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . ", "much of jonah simply , and gratefully ", "as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "making the right choice ", "is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . ", "great deal ", "takes off in totally unexpected directions ", "juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious ", "the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star ", "'ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . ", "appreciate ", "skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source ", "time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . ", "the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , ", ", these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . ", "hard-driving ", "frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining ", "pleasantly ", "the acting is fine but ", "so insatiable ", "it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels ", "watch these two together ", "something that really matters ", "one senses ", "oddly sweet ", "somber , absurd , ", "some terrific setpieces ", "bittersweet camaraderie and history ", "sustains it ", "the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill ", "too mainstream ", "an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated ", "will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating ", "are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun ", "`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it ", "enlivens this film ", "ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another ", "yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . ", "far more interesting ", "less funny than it thinks it is ", "a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery ", "above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ", ", leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . ", "wears its empowerment on its sleeve ", "the problems and characters it reveals ", "cinematic poetry ", "to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in ", ", witty and beneath ", "is really all about performances ", "inconsistent , dishonest ", "of the amazing spider-man ", "who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness ", "overlong and not well-acted , ", "i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . ", "chan has done in the united states ", "the film buzz and whir ; very little of it ", "cliches and pabulum ", "the music makes a nice album , ", "are consistently delightful . ", "coupled with pitch-perfect acting ", "the wobbly premise work ", "incredible subtlety and acumen ", "a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . ", "exhausted by documentarians ", "a kind of abstract guilt ", "this is n't a movie ; ", "robotically ", "an ` a ' list cast and ", "talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . ", "enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ", "the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still ", "fabricated ", ", he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . ", "mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay ", "otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , ", "a sincerely crafted picture ", "from ", "movie directionless ", "an engrossing story ", "an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it ", "combined with so much first-rate talent ", "it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - ", "like nothing we westerners have seen before ", "paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller ", "that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . ", "it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . ", "the worst elements of all of them ", "far more alienating than involving ", "that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ", ", i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . ", "like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot ", "the most original ", "perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair ", "they never succeed in really rattling the viewer ", "proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors ", "filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope ", "an impressive roster of stars and direction ", "engrossing ", "the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "hot ", "a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people ", "self-promotion ends and ", "open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning ", "scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . ", "the crassness ", "a sweet little girl ", "dislikable study in sociopathy ", "a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone ", ", er , bubbly ", "what ` blade runner ' would ", "... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . ", "our emotions ", "serious subject matter and dark , funny humor ", "castro ", "improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor ", "invaluable historical document thanks ", ", diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . ", "gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or ", "that do n't care about being stupid ", "to adopt as a generational signpost ", "an extraordinary faith ", "a remarkable film by bernard rose ", "as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes ", "more frustrating ", "will have a barrie good time ", "makes martha enormously endearing ", "gorgeous locales ", "really quite funny ", "the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . ", "rates as an exceptional thriller ", ") ensure that the film is never dull ", "cheapened the artistry of making a film ", "both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . ", "recovering from its demented premise ", "its own brilliance ", "unimpeachable clarity ", "imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . ", "gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' ", "an enthralling , ", "about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and ", "beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . ", "do n't even like their characters . ", "of sexy intrigue ", "dramatic interest ", "has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . ", "what an embarrassment . ", "lawrence should stick to his day job . ", "unreachable ", "cold-hearted ", "set it apart from other deep south stories ", "without ever succumbing to sentimentality ", "it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors ", "favorite ", "miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . ", "also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth ", "real vitality ", "from the dullest science fiction ", "whimsical humor ", "its faults ", "offers some flashy twists and ", "darling band wilco ", "no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . ", "astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . ", "daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . ", "less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . ", "anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone ", "pitifully few real laughs ", "the idiocy ", "against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family ", "much fun ", "has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess ", "perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment ", "atrocities ", "that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life ", "but only among those who are drying out from spring break ", "drop everything and run to ichi ", "its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay ", "movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "looking at his 12th oscar nomination ", "this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and ", "but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "something more beautiful than either of those films ", "philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . ", "new movie rapes ", "as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count ", "a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up ", "a dud ", "the actors are fantastic . ", "'s the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona ", "prove too convoluted ", "obscure the message ", "a very complex situation ", "collective heart attack ", "the plot is nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s from start to finish , ", "although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . ", "large-format ", "flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion ", "a slick , engrossing melodrama . ", "hell-bent ", "been remarkable ", "the sulking , moody male hustler ", "strong ", "find it more than capable of rewarding them ", "we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes ", "disappointingly ", "a surprisingly juvenile lark , ", "butterfingered ", "good little movie ", "you can taste it , ", "the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . ", "the story has its redundancies , ", "a quiet , disquieting triumph . ", "has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films ", "looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . ", "without a conclusion or pay off ", "have a fun , no-frills ride ", "balanced or fair ", "original ", "its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- ", "spiritual ", "naipaul fans may be disappointed . ", "one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years ", "it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . ", "rising star jake gyllenhaal ", "may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . ", "there are n't many conclusive answers in the film ", "seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots ", "some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude ", "lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "struggles ", "recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out ", ", amusing , tender and heart-wrenching ", "have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ", "it should be poignant ", "making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "local flavor ", "dirty old man ", "is disappointingly generic ", "because they 're clueless and inept ", "sensual and ", "invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series ", "bad people ", "recommend it , ", "the 1980s ", "the feeble examples ", "that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination ", "extraordinary ", "' appeared in 1938 ", "gaudy hawaiian shirt ", "raw emotion ", "super ", "your seat a couple of times ", "been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos ", ", the more you will probably like it . ", "becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates ", "its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome ", "you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth ", "silly rather than ", "takes you by the face ", "interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity ", "for deft punctuation ", "fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs ", "death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . ", "the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "'s been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion ", "it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "'s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest ", "welled up in my eyes both times ", "hard , endearing , caring , warm . ", "see this movie ", "is a treat ", "serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . ", "visual delights ", "dysfunctional drama ", "making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie ", "i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . ", "thriller as lazy as it is interminable ", "coos beseechingly ", "skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience ", "on a board ", "so bland ", "preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor ", "dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication ", "this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and ", "sparkles ", "in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . ", "an earnest try at beachcombing verismo ", "if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! ", "and gently humorous ", "even while his characters are acting horribly ", "angry potshots ", "to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy ", "instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers ", "smoky and inviting ", "the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . ", "it is wise ", "told with sharp ears and eyes ", "the best war movies ", "uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . ", "highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style ", "endure instead of ", "belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public ", "its relaxed , ", "sheer beauty ", "will undoubtedly enjoy it ", "justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess ", "its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls ", "even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment ", "the operative word for `` bad company ", "the stuffiest cinema goers ", "gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug ", "some of the visual flourishes ", "of his rental car ", "funny and poignant ", "have been worth cheering as a breakthrough ", "lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food ", "is funny , insightfully human and ", "unlikable , uninteresting , ", "a film without surprise ", "it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness ", "still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly ", "is so convincing ", "irresistibly ", "rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it ", "the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . ", "'s the perfect cure for insomnia . ", "a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . ", "on standard horror flick formula ", "is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . ", "not very amusing ", "too dry and ", "through sincerity ", "is insightful about kissinger 's background and history ", "off-putting ", "with some laughs and a smile ", "the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . ", "there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is ", "be entertained by ", "there 's no rooting interest ", "left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else ", "mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . ", "long-winded ", "business and pleasure ", "to admit that i am baffled by jason x. ", "seem to match the power of their surroundings ", "neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . ", "she 's pretty and she can act -- ", "send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ", "manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . ", "in search of a better movie experience ", "her grace ", "is tenderly observant of his characters ", "recognize it ", "the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness ", "the awfulness of the movie ", "more sheerly beautiful film ", "even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts ", "instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . ", "that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun ", "the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe ", "confusing melange ", "i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , ", "good man ", "bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points ", "empty theaters ", "shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives ", "wasted potential ", "the best case ", "a grand whimper ", "'s why sex and lucia is so alluring ", "clarity and emotional ", "enjoyable in its own right ", "entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller ", "a great piece of filmmaking ", "the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . ", "a cinematic car wreck , ", "a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence ", "seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... ", "of these young women ", "peter out midway ", "the most excruciating 86 minutes one ", "is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation ", "i have returned from the beyond to warn you ", "it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy ", "responsible ", "a feast ", "transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . ", "takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . ", "from the dull ", "an avid interest ", "magnetic performance ", "'s no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . ", "gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . ", "ong 's promising debut ", "the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it ", "jolts the laughs from the audience ", "green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . ", "a watch that makes time go faster rather than ", "memories of rollerball ", "witty , whimsical feature ", "new friends ", "about it will stay with you ", "cliched ", "it 's on par with the first one ", "( a ) slummer . ", "a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . ", "nifty premise ", "a sheer unbridled delight ", "is all but useless ", "the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . ", "the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . ", "is muted ", "the historical , philosophical ", "is brilliant ", "long workout ", "a story about intelligent high school ", "endear itself to american art house audiences ", "its effectiveness ", "makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "77 minutes of pokemon ", "'s a very tasteful rock and roll movie . ", "( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up ", "h\u00e9l\u00e8ne angel is definitely a director to watch . ", "has never been smoother or more confident ", "with scenes so true and heartbreaking ", "enormous ", "style massacres erupt throughout ", "humor and heart and very talented young actors ", "a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic ", "a muddy psychological thriller ", "the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan ", "panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat ", "greatest musicians ", "great american adventure ", "bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . ", "needlessly poor quality ", "a passable date film ", "a text to ` lick ", "otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye . ", "moments out of an alice ", "when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path ", "oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) ", "a formula comedy ", "earned my indignant , preemptive departure ", "the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . ", "the worst movies ", "fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and ", "arbitrarily plotted ", "so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it ", "too bad . ", "although fairly involving as far as it goes ", ", revolting ", "us right into the center of that world ", "burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored ", "barbershop so likable ", "it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . ", "is polanski 's best film ", "farce , ", "directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ", "this engaging mix ", "be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen ", "is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and ", "skillful and moving ", "denzel ", "broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and ", "mostly martha is mostly unsurprising ", "love it ... ", "that he forgets to make it entertaining ", "psychotic ", "an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . ", "a fascinating , unnerving examination ", "a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth ", "right ", "eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion ", "write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody ", "loss and loneliness ", "capture these musicians in full regalia ", "a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity ", "is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery ", "as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions ", "an ugly , pointless , stupid movie ", "in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does ", ", ponderous and charmless ", ", overblown enterprise ", "inventive , ", "have to admit i walked out of runteldat ", "flounders under the weight of too many story lines . ", "jewish parents ", "is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort ", "the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- ", "overuse ", "to the gifted korean american stand-up ", "blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . ", "that you feel what they feel ", "a captivating new film . ", "'' overcome its weaknesses ", "poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting ", "an eloquent memorial ", "is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame ", "a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix ", "the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them ", "skid-row ", "thuds ", "like a typical bible killer story ", "unaffected style ", "wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting ", ", the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . ", "the abiding impression ", "lewis ", "also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . ", "davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships ", "proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . ", "a playful iranian parable ", "noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "heart as important as humor ", "showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "than this hastily dubbed disaster ", "appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off ", ", no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . ", "are in tatters ", "looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script ", "as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators ", "failed jokes , twitchy acting , and ", "the sorriest and ", "to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . ", "freshly painted rembrandt ", "speaks for itself ", "the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "devastated ", "not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor ", "a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . ", "marshall keeps the energy humming , and ", "is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . ", "a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable ", "with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be ", "with stunning animation ", "waste their time on it ", "lack contrast , ", "some serious issues ", "a pleasant and engaging enough ", "with its wry observations ", "has no point ", "gloriously ", "as a friend ", "even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient ", "hero performances ", "join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks ", "for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . ", "more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine ", "its sleazy moralizing ", "brought down by lousy direction ", "best kind ", "have no affinity for most of the characters . ", "about as humorous ", "relaxed in its perfect quiet pace ", "did they not have the nerve to speak up ", "the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . ", "a joint promotion ", "clunky on the screen ", "a one-of-a-kind work ", "`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' ", "a cold , calculated exercise ", "wall ", "the killing field and ", "the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion ", "stands a good chance of being the big ", ", amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . ", "well-made entertainment ", "utter mush ... ", "quite tasty ", "appropriately cynical social commentary ", "kidman ", "into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "a spectacular performance - ahem ", "on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction ", "the best didacticism ", "laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . ", "loose , unaccountable ", "overstays ", "'s work as well as a remarkably faithful one ", "tub-thumpingly loud ", "comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . ", "directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways ", "at the helm ", "cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . ", "birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . ", "listless ", "director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . ", "an energetic , violent movie ", "enjoy the movie ", "time-consuming ", "from the classics ", "so perfect ", "exploiting ", "weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting ", "for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . ", "better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists ", "scores a direct hit . ", "weaves us into a complex web . ", "deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation ", "touching , sophisticated film ", "that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- ", "intelligent observations ", "like a hazy high that takes too long to shake ", "that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing ", "to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "awe-inspiring visual poetry ", "feels familiar and tired . ", "a rock-solid little genre picture ", "high-concept ", "that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe ", "happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music . ", "mature and frank fashion ", "better celebration ", "have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart ", "where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating ", "one of the best movies of the year . ", "are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . ", "did n't mean much to me ", "a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination ", "plodding , ", "vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings ", "hyper-artificiality ", ", the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . ", "its recycled aspects ", "tacky and reprehensible ", "humor wry ", "a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . ", "to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", "faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' ", ", letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . ", "more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . ", "( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . ", "in trapped ", "gives us a reason to care about them ", "the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears ", "feel more like a non-stop cry for attention ", "fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country ", "fresh and ", "in the characters you see ", "'s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ", "... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . ", "that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways ", "'s a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say ", "a higher plateau ", "to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum ", ", tedious ", ", amusing , sad and reflective ", "hollywood war-movie stuff ", "it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette ", "pleasurable ", "to break the tedium ", "his own preoccupations and obsessions ", "has a genuine dramatic impact ", "a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . ", "an epic four-hour indian musical ", "'s a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ", "nice ", "her passionate , tumultuous affair ", "provide much more insight ", "adventurous ", "disoriented ", "better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . ", "an intriguing bit of storytelling ", "'s not that funny ", "enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating ", "all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain ", "paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . ", "provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen ", "witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals ", "fascinating character 's ", "an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . ", "focus ", "sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . ", "truly , truly bad movie ", "the film is one of the year 's best . ", "fact and fancy with such confidence ", "the art demands live viewing . ", "leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach ", "technical flaws ", "whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action ", "undeniably intriguing ", "in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ", "on intimate relationships ", "see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good ", "it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . ", "covers this territory with wit and originality ", ", showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . ", "an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , ", "that this bold move works ", "it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . ", "outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie ", "of the previous two ", "edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "physical energy ", "everything too safe ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ", ") gorgeous ", "improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated ", "is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . ", "from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line ", "eastwood is off his game ", "like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but ", "those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater ", "like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . ", "hilariously wicked black comedy ... ", "a terrible movie in every regard ", "that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ", "univac-like script machine ", "bad premise ", "guiding lights ", "witty ", "this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . ", "wears thin ", "for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time ", "like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . ", "mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . ", "that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar ", "is a likable story , told with competence ", "dawns , comic relief ", "hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay ", "unsettling subject matter ", "a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life ", "impossible ", "excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic ", "an enjoyable level ", "had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies ", "loosely-connected string ", "his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes ", "can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' ", "'s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor ", "a thoroughly awful movie ", "apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . ", "dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ", "such a clever adaptation ", "grows ", "changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . ", "the wan , thinly sketched story ", "the humor has point ", "'s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers ", ", the movie sinks into an abyss of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music . ", "looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "dishonest ", "good action , good acting ", "executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity ", "anyone who wants to start writing screenplays ", "are lacking ", "overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption ", "garc\u00eda bernal and talanc\u00f3n are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out ", "so meditative and lyrical ", "a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch ", "for its excellent storytelling , its economical ", "how inept is serving sara ? ", "a markedly inactive film , ", "'s too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ", "queasy infatuation and overall strangeness ", "the best ", "clich\u00e9s , ", "populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread ", "quick-buck ", "'re - doing-it-for - the-cash ", "corniest ", "bad and ", "loses ", "however , it 's invaluable ", "the flaws ", "khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . ", "an amusement ", "looking for a return ticket to realism ", "really horrible ", "beautiful , angry and sad ", "works its magic ", "and withholds delivery ", "the concentration ", "being a true adaptation of her book ", "a shallow rumination ", "a haunting tale ", "does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", "it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . ", "it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . ", "a fantastically vital movie ", "a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope ", "'ll wait in vain for a movie to happen . ", "a hit - ", "transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor ", "keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum ", "the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . ", "his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him ", "pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . ", "retrospectively , his most personal work yet . ", "never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "'s part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players ", "a heart , mind or humor ", "norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination ", "humanism ", "hitler 's ", "conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt ", "frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' ", ", this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for ", "spontaneous intimacy ", "to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded ", "laid-back good spirits ", "love , duty and friendship ", "uncompromising , difficult and ", "a sweet and sexy film ", "egypt from 1998 ", "while the third feels limited by its short running time ", "the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time ", "the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . ", "onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind ", "fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . ", "some episodes work , some do n't . ", "you 'll have a good time with this one too ", "an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people ", "realistic portrayal ", "the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . ", "sits there like a side dish no one ordered . ", "to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room ", "the beauty ", "'s not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . ", "squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen ", "this woefully hackneyed movie , ", "in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood ", "backstage must-see ", "enormously endearing ", "be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' ", "oscar ", "unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set ", "it succeeds . ", "with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "its leaden acting ", "concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . ", "sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . ", "mindless ", "tackles more than she can handle . ", "more repulsive ", "relentlessly globalizing ", "most jaded ", "as sharp as a samurai sword ", "film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror ", "they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes ", "makes its point ", "a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony ", "gut-wrenching ", "the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels ", "the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ", "dogme ", "the worst film ", "the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "no trouble sitting for blade ii ", "the film is full of charm . ", "it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie ", "landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . ", "flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . ", "sucks , but ", "is n't as funny as you 'd hoped ", "at least it 's a funny no-brainer ", "succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling ", "despite auteuil 's performance ", "` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and ", "evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , ", "into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes ", "funny and human and ", "to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ", "that the movie does not do them justice ", "becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring ", "is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . ", "sanitised and ", "crematorium ", "feature-length stretch ", "humble ", "of the victorious revolutionaries ", "the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up ", "of the worst possibilities of mankind ", "it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions ", "hugely enjoyable in its own right though ", "a good surprise ending ", "finely crafted , ", "she boxes these women 's souls right open for us . ", "look ill at ease sharing the same scene . ", "for each other ", "to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year ", "an unlimited amount of phony blood ", "is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast ", "reassuring ", "tabloid ", "the kind of obnoxious ", "rather slow beginning ", "sing beautifully ", "pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart ", "its logical loopholes , ", "after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music . ", "understands how to create and sustain a mood ", "it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . ", "outrageously creative action ", "littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed ", ", double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action ", "have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ", "strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain ", "the worthy successor ", "the promise of digital filmmaking ", "hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and ", "a truly larger-than-life character ", "psychological case study ", "allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier ", "merely bad ", ", uninhibited ", "off more than he or anyone else could chew ", "is a towering siren . ", "excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone ", "is still quite good-natured and ", "length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue ", "has succeeded beyond all expectation ", "summery ", "makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role ", ", davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air ", "especially disappointing ", "cause loads of irreparable damage ", "fresh view ", "is as padded as allen 's jelly belly ", "overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . ", "less a movie than ", "has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . ", "mediocre end ", "grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience ", "'s as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely ", "an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing ", "undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs ", "of afghan tragedies ", "a delightful comedy ", "... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . ", "the worst elements ", "visually sloppy ", "a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what ", "the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting ", "with flailing bodily movements ", "gracefully ", "dredge up ", "a grittily beautiful film that looks , ", "fun one ", "a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer ", "totally overwrought ", "boxes these women 's souls right open for us ", "gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny ", "does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . ", "a brilliant piece of filmmaking ", "inferior ", "vapid actor 's exercise ", "in execution ", "'d expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries ", "it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . ", "a lovely , sad dance ", "that fails to make adequate ", "amazingly evocative ", "the most creative mayhem ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , ", "cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy ", "be a most hard-hearted person ", "it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . ", "unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach ", "delivers . ", "too bad kramer ", "a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn ", "'s ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . ", "indie of the year , ", "of the qualities that made the first film so special ", "a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . ", "holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and ", ", first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . ", "felt performances ", "cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron ", ", quirky , original ", "another genre exercise , ", "thoughtless ", "have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart ", "having fun with it all ", "gorgeous , passionate ", "a timeless and unique perspective ", "succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . ", "lifeless execution . ", "freshening ", "represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . ", "on petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script ", "so much crypt mist in the brain ", "human comedy ", "that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "thinly-conceived movie . ", "made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "cho 's timing is priceless . ", "your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring . ", "do no wrong ", "modest amusements ", "a step further , richer ", "is terrific ", "have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. ", "aimless ", "most horrific movie experience ", "a clear sense of purpose ", ", we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . ", "a boring man , ", "be more genial than ingenious ", "'s a bargain-basement european pickup . ", "is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people ", "have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet ", "generates ", "not a hollywood product ", "wickedly funny , visually engrossing , ", "does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . ", "are totally estranged from reality ", "denuded ", "too literally ", "stylists ", "one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . ", "will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus ", "`` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . ", "is driven by appealing leads ", "an unsympathetic character and someone ", "mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious ", "satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . ", "it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge ", "oddly humorous to tediously sentimental ", "with his effortless performance ", ", a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . ", "it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . ", "unpretentious , charming , quirky , original ", "given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube . ", "ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . ", "beautifully crafted ", "the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it ", "ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . ", "might to resist ", "is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . ", "is a success ", "energetic , extreme-sports adventure ", "the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going ", "not to believe it ", "also nice ", "pallid ", "minor miracle ", "to spare wildlife ", "vein ", "show-stoppingly hilarious , ", "generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy ", "well-wrought story ", "worst films ", "these lives count ", "juvenile camera movements ", "laughed that hard in years ", "uselessly ", "is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal ", "snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i ", "can go home again ", "the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 ", "brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness ", "... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . ", "beer-fueled ", "that memorable , but as downtown ", "a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : ", "own preciousness ", "visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . ", "it seem fresh again ", "a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . ", "'s a rare window on an artistic collaboration . ", "no charm , ", "of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents ", "that the film never feels derivative ", "by a disastrous ending ", "been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf ", "shallow , noisy and pretentious . ", "victim ", "a psychological mystery ", "entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ", "must be a serious contender for the title ", "'s a hellish , ", "a fine production with splendid singing ", "unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . ", "immensely appealing ", "is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema ", "no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "understand everyone 's point of view ", "a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity . ", "90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed ", "has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . ", "am\u00e9lie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest ", "a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story ", "are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely ", "mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself ", "racism and homophobia ", "to conceive anyone else in their roles ", "i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ", "a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film ", "very ugly , ", "is a masterfully conducted work . ", "while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players ", "the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america ", "has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break ", "is in trouble ", "as an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "silly subplots ", "the performances are so overstated ", "might describe as a castrated ", "there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . ", "alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse ", "inane , humorless and under-inspired . ", "more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour ", "undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense ", "confident ", "starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel ", "makes this a high water mark for this genre . ", "of a particular theatrical family ", "executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor ", "costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , ", "of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse ", "old-world charm ", "they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . ", "the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain ", "to make us share their enthusiasm ", "the self-serious equilibrium ", "feels like a book report ", "like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before ", "hearts ", "gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel ", "medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt ", "for history buffs ", "as an important , original talent in international cinema ", "na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks ", "the wise , wizened visitor ", "rise above its disgusting source material ", "the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned ", "the most part a useless movie , ", "hard to be mythic ", "starts out strongly ", "'s still a sweet , even delectable diversion ", "to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "endearing , caring ", "the story compelling ", "a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel ", "no psychology ", "whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films ", "a summer of good stuff ", "annoyed me most about god is great ", "whipping out the dirty words ", "one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' ", "stylized sequences ", "delicate balance ", "star power , a pop-induced score ", "an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested ", "f ", "the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal ", "exceedingly pleasant ", "naked teenagers horror flick ", "godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating ", "another useless recycling ", "find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; ", "the performances , for the most part , credible ", "have an intermittently good time ", "is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . ", "a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . ", "are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . ", "a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being ", "no real surprises ", "'s always enthralling . ", "overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director ", "a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own ", "did we really need a remake of `` charade ? '' ", "in no small part thanks to lau ", "corruption ", "unsympathetic ", "expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , ", "has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . ", "is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie ", "a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . ", "pretty good execution ", "gimmick ", "'s horribly wrong ", "is tenderly observant of his characters . ", "it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but ", "the film 's plot may be shallow , but ", "why i have given it a one-star rating ", "in its over-the-top way ", "a cinema classic ", "wonderful acting clinic ", ", and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , ", "a refreshing change ", "each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , ", "ugh ", "a lower i.q. ", "berling and b\u00e9art ... continue to impress , and ", "scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ", ", wide-smiling reception ", "averting an american-russian armageddon ", "uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "gender-bending comedy ", "the thrill of the chill ", "settles too easily along the contours of expectation ", "'s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival ", "on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms ", "not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ", "brave ", "ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . ", "encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . ", "beauty reeks ", "festival ", "of international acclaim ", "has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . ", "backwater ", "many of these gross ", "'s always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . ", "does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people ", "glaring and unforgettable . ", "to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved ", "a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy ", "redundancies ", "its dying ", "dreary mess ", "the most unpleasant things the studio ", "cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . ", "so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks ", "that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory ", "a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them ", "of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun ", "'s one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness ", "it 's pauly shore awful . ", ", introspective and entertaining ", "waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself . ", "the lustrous polished visuals ", "lovely toward the end ", "although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . ", "putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank ", "is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way ", "rather simplistic ", "to the idiocy of its last frames ", "unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head ", "... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . ", "never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . ", "provide its keenest pleasures ", "good actors , good poetry ", "comparatively sane and healthy ", "if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . ", "is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . ", "the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying ", "for an eagerness ", "sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "simply intrusive ", "about love and culture ", "be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls ", "the right time in the history of our country ", "millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . ", "does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up ", "it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . ", "in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "'s an enjoyable trifle nonetheless ", "just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it ", "mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies ", "more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch ", "not-so-funny gags ", "a delightful surprise ", "personal self-discovery ", "to give you brain strain ", "a neat premise ", "a couple of burnt-out cylinders ", "his machismo ", "electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness ", "a case of masochism and an hour and a half ", "dialog between realistic characters ", "not good enough ", ", about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . ", "no foundation for it ", "an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art ", "is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . ", "-- and disposable story ", "darling ", "it is a refreshingly forthright one ", "it the adventures of direct-to-video nash ", "that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame ", "floundering way ", "contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . ", "laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ", "its lavish formalism ", "in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency ", "be able to find better entertainment ", "a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone ", "triumphantly ", "enjoy it ", "leather pants & ", "another run-of-the-mill disney sequel ", "hanging ", "it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain ", "with a philosophical visual coming right ", "hugh grant , who has a good line in charm ", "it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes ", "silences ", "pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans ", "gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s . ", "its lack of purpose ", "continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . ", "has a brain ", "i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk ", ", poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", ", indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . ", "scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . ", "burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue ", "gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh . ", "more self-absorbed women than the mother and ", "i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . ", "skillfully assembled , ", "stupid , derivative horror film ", "sinks into an abyss of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music . ", "a most hard-hearted person ", "this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off ", "movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . ", "springing ", "'s technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive ", "a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout ", "a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . ", "strong as always ", "notorious reputation ", "a giant step backward ", "most importantly , ", "seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . ", "the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing ", "is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay ", "uncompromising ", "stylistic austerity and forcefulness ", "big bad love ", "dramatically forceful ", "as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . ", "catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? ", "is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . ", "ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving ", "is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . ", "may well ", "forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , ", "gorgeous and finely detailed ", "a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . ", "dave barry 's popular book of the same name ", "walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. . ", "would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . ", "other than fling gags at it ", "... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere . ", "mild hallucinogenic buzz ", "( and funnier ", "need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry ", "high romance , ", "celebration ", "a great movie it is not ", "as a souffl\u00e9 gone wrong ", "a gripping documentary ", "this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . ", "this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama ", "pretty good ", "most hackneyed ", "harmed ", "will nevertheless find moving ", "stench ", "is a riveting , brisk delight . ", "could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice ", "the process created a masterful work of art of their own ", "i still want my money back . ", "feeling like a great missed opportunity ", "one has nothing else to watch ", ", and intelligence ", "death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets ", "than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending ", "the power of the huston performance , ", "there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . ", "is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . ", "of epic scale ", "enjoyable family fare ", "cesspool ", "answered yes , by all means ", "a doubt ", "at the peak of their powers ", "questions cinema 's capability for recording truth ", "an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement ", "have to check your brain at the door ", "smart , compelling ", "feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... ", "signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema ", "overwhelming waste ", "work -- is charming , is moving ", "is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail ", "sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche ", "a hugely enjoyable film ", "vulgar ", "while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . ", "what once was conviction is now affectation ", "is a big time stinker ", "the devastation ", "in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . ", "scrutiny ", "there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ", "ca n't sustain it . ", "fantastic movie ", "this summer that do not involve a dentist drill ", "if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x. ", "( and educational ) ", "does n't add anything fresh to the myth ", "aimless for much of its running time ", "supremely kittenish ", "is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered ", "what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . ", "abysmally ", "remembrance ", "that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated ", "was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ", "going to be really awful ", "follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling ", "so hot-blooded ", "a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . ", "gives you an idea just how bad it was ", "of cuban leader fidel castro ", "schmaltz ", "mandy moore leaves a positive impression ", "to ensnare its target audience . ", "genteel and unsurprising ", "the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade ", "wildly inventive mixture ", "using his storytelling ability ", "seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow ", "dud ", "content ", "the most politically audacious films of recent decades ", "'ll probably run out screaming . ", "all the best possible ways ", "cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . ", "is so often nearly nothing ", "but mush-hearted . ", "is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever ", "expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ", "of the oscar wilde play ", "an elegant and sly deadpan ", "is great ", "you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . ", "passionate , tumultuous affair ", "becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities ", "the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . ", "that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "accomplished actress ", "nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . ", "are n't likely to leave a lasting impression ", "enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem ", "is a step down for director gary fleder ", "'s no reason to miss interview with the assassin ", "grayish quality ", "watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . ", "i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . ", "one of the best silly horror movies ", "the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . ", "friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . ", "whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid ", "do justice to the awfulness of the movie , ", "merely bad rather than painfully awful ", "christian ", "is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . ", "a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama ", "a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . ", "driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs ", "ballistic : ", "made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . ", "sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play ", "want my money back . ", "may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . ", "dwindles . ", "'s far too sentimental ", "as katzenberg ", "the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . ", "this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . ", "one resurrection too many . ", ", discontent , and yearning ", "is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work ", "( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , ", "worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s ", "the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name ", "has its rewards . ", "wo n't be sorry ", "stakes out the emotional heart of happy . ", "a promise nor ", "an intriguing look ", "very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ", "three-hour endurance test ", "nothing less than a provocative piece of work ", "thrilled ", "the film is essentially juiceless . ", "`` wild ride '' ", "what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . ", "is a good one ", "a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending ", "what you wish for ", "a gentle , unforced intimacy ", "that makes all the difference . ", "the sorriest and most ", "her life half-asleep ", "in too many conflicts ", "charismatic ", "the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful . ", "been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . ", "writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . ", "abandon ", "has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear ", "ungainly ", "'s made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "will enjoy . ", "passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ... ", "sports-movie triumph ", "a consummate actor incapable of being boring ", "unrewarding ", "could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . ", "an intimate feeling ", "remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ", "a marginal thumbs up ", "too boring and obvious ", "it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . ", "both the scenic splendor ", "city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "delight your senses ", "notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . ", "all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations ", "law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed ", "beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . ", "the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , ", "add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb ", "vaguely interesting ", "the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . ", "a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . ", "laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser ", "thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments ", "has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , ", "can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity ", "the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was ", "the self-image ", "for their acting chops , but for their looks ", "like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer ", "is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge ", "lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants ", "one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "is the energetic frontman ", "rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' ", "it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . ", "shallow , noisy and pretentious ", "the effort is sincere ", "is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold ", "guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . ", "is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . ", "left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation . ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , ", "do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and ", "regards reign of fire with awe . ", "exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters ", "reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , ", "with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do ", "except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine ", "thrilling movie ", "to tiresome jargon ", "a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow ", "be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it ", "the movie is well crafted , and well executed . ", "ignored it ", "the impressive stagings of hardware ", "most immediate and most obvious ", "( seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . ", ", this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . ", "daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "a welcome and heartwarming addition ", "brave and ", "thoroughly awful ", ", they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . ", "three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot ", "a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . ", "aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ", "most sincere ", "than to rush to the theater for this one ", "may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . ", "a bit exploitative ", "picture that illustrates an american tragedy ", "the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . ", ", madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . ", "p ) ", "entirely memorable ", "evasive ", "this italian freakshow ", "like a classroom play in a college history course ", "sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story ", "suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected ", "an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow ", "on the subgenre ", "romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows ", "is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . ", "it falls far short of poetry , but ", "bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", "itself all too seriously ", "this franchise has not spawned a single good film . ", "caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . ", "sensational true-crime ", "turns in a collectively stellar performance ", "ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least ", "fascination , and ", "is actually one of its strengths . ", "a surprisingly charming and even witty match ", "infectiously ", "marinated in clich\u00e9s and mawkish dialogue . ", "a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking ", "lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . ", "memorable and ", "its smallness ", "too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction ", "retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie ", "paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "'s definitely an improvement on the first blade ", ", overlong soap ", "smashing success ", "hideously ", "gives her best ", "carries us effortlessly from darkness to light ", "the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and ", "no more ", "a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds ", "more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks ", "she may not be real , but the laughs are . ", "sweet and sexy ", "is a movie so insecure about its capacity ", "at a snail 's pace ", "thought-provoking picture . ", "insufferable ", "smartest ", "an impressive achievement ", "gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry ", "the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained ", "neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition ", "a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking ", "may be more genial than ingenious , but ", "spreading a puritanical brand of christianity ", "it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition ", "the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . ", "come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "his reserved but existential poignancy ", "is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . ", "a tour de force of modern cinema ", "seeing because it 's so bad ", "those who do ", "turgid fable ", "irritatingly ", "is a bowser ", "entertains ", "drama , conflict , ", "by a talented director ", "this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ", "a small star with big heart ", "dreamy and evocative ", "stunningly ", "wickedly funny and just plain wicked ", "confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ", "a main character who sometimes defies sympathy ", "the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth ", "the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . ", "wobbly premise work ", "enhances the personal touch of manual animation ", "missed opportunity ", "were insulted ", "but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . ", "are still looking for a common through-line ", "would be me : fighting off the urge to doze ", ", everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . ", "a key strength ", "slickest ", "ploddingly melodramatic structure ", "too much of storytelling ", "it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting ", "in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "is polanski 's best film . ", "to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face ", "to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "dope ", "preposterous , prurient whodunit ", "knockoff . ", "boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . ", "the lousy lead performances ", "to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story ", "you barely realize your mind is being blown . ", "most admirable quality ", "a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire ", "generic ", "uninspired story ", "offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . ", "intelligent and moving . ", "unique niche ", "pale script ", "going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about ", "the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other ", "'s surprisingly decent , ", "they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count ", "and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . ", "biting and witty feature ", ", with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . ", "it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . ", "the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . ", "harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . ", "the most unpleasant things ", "tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . ", "percolating ", "conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "the best brush in the business ", "brought down ", "strikes a potent chemistry with molina ", "quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar ", "it is japanese and yet feels universal ", "whose sharp ", "he has a great cast and a great idea . ", "( and lovely ) experiment ", "a gentle and engrossing character study . ", "are all direct-to-video stuff ", "to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned ", "going at a rapid pace , occasionally ", "you thought was going to be really awful ", "cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay ", "the major problem ", "is that it 's also one of the smartest ", "works so well for the first 89 minutes ", "helmer ", "is worth the price of admission . ", "vivid , spicy footnote ", "some movies that hit you from the first scene ", "stirring road movie . ", ", the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . ", "speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence ", "draws the audience ", "stopped challenging himself ", "'s impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . ", "intelligent flick ", "has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection ", "the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . ", "laden with plenty of baggage ", "other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . ", "silly , outrageous , ingenious ", "racial insensitivity ", "with it ", "plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . ", "captivating coming-of-age story ", "unfilmable ", ", nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . ", "the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . ", "visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet ", "with a visual style unique and inherent ", "on tediously about their lives , loves and the art ", "though a capable thriller ", ", you feel alive - which is what they did ", "stuffs his debut ", "passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ", "essentially ruined -- or , ", "cinematography and exhilarating ", "'s a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas ", "the rollicking dark humor ", "to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! ", "who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns ", "nothing i had n't already seen . ", "surprisingly shoddy makeup work ", "is quite beautiful ", "an admirable storyteller ", ", intermittently powerful study ", "so impersonal ", "... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . ", ", it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . ", "a harrison ford low ", "it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . ", "spirals downward ", "a charge of genuine excitement ", "and no one ) ", "as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished ", "an absolute joy ", "the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . ", "j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl . ", "a riveting story ", "in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize ", "country ", "that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist ", "plenty to offend everyone ", "heady jumble ", "treasure chest ", "manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . ", "favorite musical ", "impeccable study ", "i have a new favorite musical ", "accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . ", "( t ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . ", "dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding ", "equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "excellent choice ", "this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ", "thanks ", "told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times ", "smoky and ", "under our skin ", "be quirky and funny ", "you 're desperate for the evening to end . ", "while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture ", "flick worthy ", "they just do n't work in concert . ", "the extent to which it succeeds ", "to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic ", "filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life ", "modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . ", "humbling little film ", "broke out into elaborate choreography ", "interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy ", "helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter ", "likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen ", "be as subtle and touching as the son 's room ", "found a tough beauty ", "soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and ", "better thriller ", "bright , inventive ", "funniness ", "hell , i dunno ", "adequately fills the eyes ", "lifetime milestones ", ", all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . ", "reassuringly familiar ", "aimlessly and unsuccessfully ", "should see it as soon as possible . ' ", "a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . ", "of unfaithful ", "b-movie imagination ", "seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation ", "the amateurish ", "an overstylized , pur\u00e9ed m\u00e9lange ", ", it has considerable charm . ", "episode ", "a hilarious place to visit ", "of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things ", "a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . ", "'s no accident ", "with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks ", "going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "'ll love it and probably want to see it twice . ", "confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances ", "thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about ", "it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . ", "immersed in a foreign culture only ", "sparkling with ideas ", "mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , ", "might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . ", "together familiar themes ", "clever , offbeat ", "an intense indoor drama ", "renewal ", "tie together beautifully ", "'s so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through ", "imax in short ", "'ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch ", "he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "turn on many people to opera , ", "terrific special effects ", "in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains ", "there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but ", "has all the actors reaching for the back row ", "lasting traces ", "as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor ", "a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you ", "a sad , soggy potboiler ", "some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . ", "guilt-suffused melodrama ", "world trade center tragedy ", "is their resemblance to everyday children . ", "his pleas ", "marvelous series ", "urbane sweetness ", "with depth ", "ring hollow ", "going out and enjoying the big-screen experience ", "'s a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty ", "if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining ", "a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking ", "stock clich\u00e9s ", "single good film ", "seem disappointing ", "an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . ", "about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . ", "new york metropolitan area ", "use of his particular talents . ", "unfunny phonce ", "it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . ", "that it has n't gone straight to video ", "this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . ", "disoriented but occasionally ", "effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles ", "well-intentioned ", "esteemed ", "historically significant , and personal , ", "to our basest desires ", "a real documentary ", "warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . ", "is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . ", "the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "a positive impression ", "a barf bag ", "picked me up ", "an admirable reconstruction ", "summer entertainment ", "big box office bucks ", "well-made and satisfying thriller ", "maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . ", "an intricate plot ", "the script and characters hold sway ", "proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny ", "the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . ", "we can enjoy as mild escapism ", "remove spider-man the movie ", "crime ", "about the benjamins that 's hard to resist ", "a much funnier film with a similar theme ", "dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated ", "acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover ", "a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . ", "do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california ", "frustrates and ", "a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax ", "was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy ", "stunning new young talent ", "frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and ", "make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok ", "too dry ", "is his best film yet ", "dialogue and murky cinematography ", "vague without any of its sense of fun or energy ", "for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots ", "enough , but nothing new ", "leaves something to be desired . ", "the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice ", "in love with a girl ", "'ve marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world ", "viva le ", "needed ", "astounding performance ", "so intimate and sensual and funny and ", "as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth ", "numbingly dull experience ", "is n't very interesting actually ", "unblinkingly pure as ", "a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface ", "contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . ", "wildly popular vin diesel ", "restrained and ", "windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . ", "of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness ", "a sensitive , moving ", "artistic significance ", "the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things ", "far better ", "is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . ", "is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking ", "a non-stop cry for attention ", "too sappy ", "than an autopsy , the movie ", "everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . ", "remembering this refreshing visit ", "swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award ", "by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . ", "a strong script ", "just how bad ", "without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ", "becoming too cute about it ", "wild comedy ", "serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history ", "a great cast and a great idea ", "beautifully sung holiday carol ", "a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still ", "have bitterly forsaken ", ", it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken ", "bad-movie way ", "complete ", "rather choppy ", "playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper ", "succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . ", "a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout . ", "somewhat clumsy ", "is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough ", "sophisticated wit ", "hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . ", "low-grade dreck ", "may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ", "a cinematic disaster ", "not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", "to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy ", "truth and realism ", "are n't so substantial or fresh ", "reminiscent ", "not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . ", "ya-ya 's ", "a sequel you can refuse ", "the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . ", "engaging , wide-eyed actress ", "cliche ", "a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium ", "into some univac-like script machine ", "dupe the viewer ", "provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world ", "eyeballs ", "half-baked setups and sluggish pacing ", "who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- ", "the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense ", "fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers ", "makes a great impression ", "its need to reassure ", "- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . ", "the movie is a trove of delights . ", "its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . ", "with weak dialogue and biopic ", "is even more embracing than monty , ", "excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh ", "logistically ", "gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior ", "anyone in his right mind would want to see the it ", "surprised at how much we care about the story ", "most enjoyable ", "idling in neutral ", "are to ourselves and each other ", "crackles ", "the ingenious construction ", "are strong ", "all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity ", "the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings ", "is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity ", "that criticizing feels more like commiserating ", "a side dish no one ordered ", "nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . ", "poetry and passion ", "has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net ", "you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . ", "is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . ", "the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired ", "a gleefully ", "smart , ", "constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination ", ", no matter how degraded things get . ", "engaging criminal ", "provides a fresh view of an old type ", "will just as likely make you weep ", "is able to visualize schizophrenia ", "you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . ", "to courage and happiness ", "makes for a touching love story ", "stylized swedish fillm about a modern city ", "to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain ", "distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , ", "'s in the action scenes that things fall apart ", "will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ", "wonderful ensemble cast ", "makes a nice album ", "required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . ", "is terrific as rachel ", "stereotypical caretakers ", "ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up ", "if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . ", "vastly improved ", "remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity ", "that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable ", "one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin ", "a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy ", "serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable ", ", the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . ", "undeniably gorgeous , terminally ", "goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection ", "'s hard to stop watching ", "it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . ", "the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . ", "the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "all the interesting developments ", "if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees ", "all the complexity and ", "by a gritty style and an excellent cast ", "fun and funny in the middle , ", "the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . ", "michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and ", "ideological ", "it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . ", "explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut ", "ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ", "rendered tedious ", "the costuming of the stars ", "winning performances and some effecting moments ", "the right conditions ", "a predictably efficient piece ", "a charm ", "are both excellent ", "is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . ", "a 95-minute commercial for nba properties ", "hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "this colorful bio-pic ", ", dumb ", "lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . ", "the big summer movies ", "though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times ", "is this so boring ", "seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense ", "a giant step backward for a director i admire ", "because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ", "would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi ", "hossein ", "dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . ", "a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish ", "entertainingly presented ", "to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "gets old quickly . ", "mannered ", "it will warm your heart , ", "laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "is a must ! ", "a good shot ", "it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . ", "a little wit ", "a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action ", "leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance ", "'s a sit down and ponder affair ", "the beauty and power of the opera ", "puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . ", "this fascinating look ", "directed and convincingly acted ", "never lets you off the hook . ", "is high on squaddie banter , ", "never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . ", "so much leniency ", "begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . ", "his greatest triumph ", "takes its techniques into such fresh territory ", "entertainment opportunism at its most glaring ", "relatively gore-free ", "extensive post-production ", "for dance completists only . ", "that malarkey ", "is like a beautiful food entr\u00e9e that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . ", ", wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . ", "funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . ", "like john le carr\u00e9 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders ", "a failure of storytelling ", "the closest thing to the experience of space travel ", "delusional ", "of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days ", "to be bad ", "the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows ", "any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . ", "brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before ", "shiver-inducing ", "forgettable ", "oscar-winning master ", "of the conflict that came to define a generation ", "meaningful historical context ", "is an all-time low for kevin costner ", "95-minute commercial ", "is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller ", "makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . ", "embarrassment and ", ", this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . ", "lopez romantic comedy ", "a lame romantic comedy ", "a more sheerly beautiful film ", "feels painfully redundant and inauthentic ", "steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films ", "the comedy equivalent ", "we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ", "it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . ", "as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and ", "the most part a useless movie ", "the harsh reality of my situation ", "is nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s from start to finish ", "the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . ", "is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ", "its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . ", "you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control ", "teen-speak and animal gibberish ", "a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . ", "that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . ", "ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags ", "assured , glossy ", "she is merely a charmless witch . ", "a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them . ", ", worse , ", "uphill or something ", "a few nice twists ", "like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into bu\u00f1uel 's casings ", "meeting , even exceeding expectations ", "gloriously alive ", "in the ", "fully ` rendered ' ", "a fascinating documentary ", "hilarious and sad ", "that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland ", "a bit anachronistic ", "with star power , a pop-induced score ", "gets old quickly ", "his surprising discovery ", "the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative ", "humor throughout ", "what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves ", "but it was n't . ", "you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's ", "artistes ", "the remarkable ensemble cast ", "bad reviews ", "do n't want to think too much about what 's going on ", "a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ", "a familiar road with a few twists ", "buckaroo ", ", it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . ", "if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons ", "want to see over and over again ", "this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . ", "it is very difficult to care about the character , and ", "zings along with vibrance and warmth . ", "the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ", "very compelling tale ", ", delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . ", "'s very little ", "of the best since the last waltz ", "first major studio production ", "it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , ", "innocent , childlike ", "ai n't art , by a long shot ", "its occasional charms ", "pretend like your sat scores are below 120 ", "of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing . ", "friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , ", "warmth ", "growing strain ", "this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy ", "during the long build-up of expository material ", "the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine ", "joke ", "you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . ", "a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ", "the down-to-earth bullock ", "depraved ", "being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "nothing original ", "the more influential works ", "'s technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . ", "some success ", "funny little film ", "denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . ", "nonsensical and laughable ", "in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse ", "remarkable film ", "tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . ", "unconditional ", "lifeless execution ", "is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination ", "those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief ", "considerable talents ", "insight and humor ", "a very charming and funny movie . ", "leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . ", "has its merits ", "wayward ", "celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . ", "secondhand , ", "give-me-an-oscar ", "it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too ", "it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . ", "limpid and ", "which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy ", "from dawson 's creek ", "it 's worth the concentration . ", "overblown enterprise ", "of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "once called ` the gift of tears ", "is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience ", "the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . ", "interesting matters ", "the story really has no place to go since simone is not real ", "modestly made ", "stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites ", "are priceless ", "thoroughly enjoyed themselves and ", "with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships ", "pleasant in spite of its predictability ", "though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers ", "who die hideously ", "of unrecoverable life ", "the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . ", "evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat ", "yes , soar . ", "obvious and lengthy ", "realized through clever makeup design , ", "believe that resident evil is not it . ", "is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . ", "but a very handsomely produced let-down ", "about either the nature of women or ", "i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . ", "rich tale ", "'s virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . ", "spider web . ", "succeed merrily at their noble endeavor ", "cinematic disaster ", "just does n't have anything really interesting to say . ", "ranks with the best of herzog 's works ", "uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ", "by a script that assumes you are n't very bright ", "all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . ", "sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature ", "enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out ", "to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies ", "a meaty subject ", "the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while ", "it 's a thin notion ", "nosedive ", "amazingly ", "all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad ", "highly engaging . ", "that might otherwise separate them ", "'s funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once ", ", it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . ", "'s stuffy and pretentious ", "is to substitute plot for personality ", "an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . ", "feel good about themselves ", "starts promisingly ", "marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- ", "with some glimpses of nature and family warmth ", "salient points ", "'s wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture ", "think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star . ", "cinematic corpse ", "greatest adventure ", "life , hand gestures , ", "hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . ", "after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special ", "with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . ", "that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . ", "ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . ", "that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo ", "mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . ", "is more likely to induce sleep than fright ", "most incoherent ", "old bad trip ", "not exactly assured in its execution ", "splashy and entertainingly nasty ", "screwing things up old school ", "purpose ", "feels at odds with the rest of the film ", "seem authentic ", "rarely work in movies now ", "too campy to work as straight drama ", "an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground ", "about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl ", "celluloid heaven ", "message-mongering moralism ", "resolutely unamusing ", "astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . ", "tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . ", "the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences ", "lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . ", "very experienced ", "novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . ", "sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm ", "singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . ", ", witless mess ", "most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i ", "savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers ", "playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . ", "to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time ", "wit and originality ", "too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary ", "an obvious rapport with her actors and ", "insanely dysfunctional ", "may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness ", "but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . ", "funny yet ", "for its success on a patient viewer ", "as the movie sputters ", "schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... ", "as moronic as some campus ", "feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema ", "has the disadvantage of also looking cheap ", "adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong ", "overexposed ", "inquisitive film ", "wonderful tale ", "is just generally insulting ", "a satisfactory overview ", "this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ", "defiantly and delightfully against the grain ", "does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . ", "is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . ", ", the movie looks genuinely pretty . ", "disappoints ", "does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . ", "if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor ", "have marked an emerging indian american cinema ", "so stunning ", "the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "of the expressive power of the camera ", "his ` angels of light ", "this kind of hands-on storytelling ", "slapdash mess ", "how inseparable the two are ", "watch the film ", "shines like a lonely beacon . ", "a disney pic ", "is weak . ", "the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- ", "majidi shoe-loving ", "everyone 's to blame here . ", "provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought ", "it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . ", "the bizarre is credible ", "can truly be ", "the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", "riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity ", "intelligent , and humanly funny film . ", "walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ", "however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . ", ", love . ", "deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . ", "the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . ", "strives ", "it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . ", "serenity ", "it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . ", "such high-wattage brainpower ", "successful animated movies ", "a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . ", "right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner ", "smart , nuanced look ", "the classics ", "'s fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom ", "the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone ", "had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "some phenomenal performances ", "figures prominently in this movie , and ", "ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking ", "as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings . ", "vibrance and warmth ", "deeply unsettling ", "rich veins of funny stuff in this movie ", "the inspiration ", "humor ", "need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . ", "more contemporary ", "friendship , ", "shapeless and ", ", you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down ", "including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen ", "a mess ", "made the full monty a smashing success ... ", "screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame ", "a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro ", "bad ideas and awkwardness ", "still could have been room for the war scenes ", "flinching ", "of dramatic fireworks ", "contrived and predictable ", "aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance ", "that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit ", "an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't . ", "fast-paced contemporary society ", "offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us ", "has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . ", "( and beautifully edited ", "has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it ", "bound ", "dark , intelligent ", "it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ", "this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . ", "oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama ", "comfy ", "unspeakably , ", "a coming-of-age story and ", "often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "set up ", "it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so ", "an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . ", "the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and ", "the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "of laughs ", "images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "joy and pride ", "to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations ", "work up ", "( t ) his slop ", "spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie ", "cheery and tranquil suburban life ", "this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story ", "can easily worm its way into your heart . ' ", "this quality band may pick up new admirers ", "meaningful cinema ", "elaborate special effects ", "good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) ", "that he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "empire '' lacks in depth ", "an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion ", "the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid ", "is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time ", "boring despite the scenery ", "equally derisive clunker ", "unimaginative and derivative ", "nice little story ", "would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways ", "a flat , plodding picture ", "a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire ", "like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle ", "can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken ", "so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump ", "showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything ", "of vampire fun ", "just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie ", "to have fun with it ", "strange and compelling ", "the preaching message ", "sad to say -- ", "can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial ", "an insultingly inept and artificial examination ", "the story plays out slowly , ", "new star wars movie ", "with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes ", "one-star rating ", "is brilliant , really ", "wonderfully speculative ", "comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ", "film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "the dead horse of surprise ", "the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short ", "those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up ", "has done his homework and ", "this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful ", "bungle their way ", "as boring before i see this piece of crap again ", "best date movie ", "of promise ", "yeah , baby ", "'s coherent , well shot , and tartly ", "redundant and inauthentic ", "clever dialogue and likeable characters ", "exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama . ", ", i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . ", "gratingly unfunny groaner ", "the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . ", ", insightful and entertaining ", "absolutely and completely ridiculous and ", "color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at ", "an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ", "visualize schizophrenia ", "winter landscapes ", "going for that pg-13 rating ", "just never gets off the ground . ", "heartwarming yarn ", "death might be a release . ", "be found a tough beauty ", "none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ", "that it 's boring ", "feels all too familiar ", "of clever ideas and visual gags ", "generates plot points ", "in which the script and characters hold sway ", "heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long ", "shapeless documentary ", "gets harder and harder to understand her choices ", "two central performances ", "eloquent ( meditation ) on death ", "angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy ", "stay in touch with your own skin ", "skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd ", "is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . ", "mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue ", "the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . ", "watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- ", "into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell ", "occasional belly laugh ", "'s difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . ", "are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ", "evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . ", "repulse ", "maintains suspense on different levels ", "a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece ", "the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film ", "unclean ", "you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater ", "is certainly worth seeing at least once ", "it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not ", "call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made ", "the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . ", "death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision ", "when various characters express their quirky inner selves ", "the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ", "good action , good acting , good dialogue ", "half-assed ", "beautiful , self-satisfied ", "the film 's plot may be shallow , ", "strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short ", "the distance ", "charming and ", "perfectly ", "'s fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "incoherence ", "there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ", "interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . ", "the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . ", "what the english call ` too clever by half ", "is fine ", "... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . ", ", state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . ", "this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . ", "the worst sense ", "director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . ", "build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "sweet cinderella story ", "described as sci-fi generic ", "this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... ", "are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . ", "of a mishmash ", "is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie ", "'s not half-bad . ", "straight-ahead thriller ", "sealed with a kiss ", "any rock pile will do for a set . ", "deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk ", "the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay ", "a fascinating profile ", "me ", "that relies on more than special effects ", "complex and quirky ", "is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack ", "a complete mess ", "a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . ", "times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp ", "that parker displays in freshening the play ", "the finest kind ", "solemn pretension ", "food ", "four-star movie ", "and , ", "`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' ", "one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart ", "the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ", "encompassing ", "psychotic than romantic ", "provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies ", "for no better reason ", "deserving of its critical backlash and more . ", "horrendously ", "to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure ", "the movie sinks into an abyss of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music . ", "intelligent screenplay ", "the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking ", "cheap-looking version ", "terrific flair ", "that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk ", "bottom-rung ", "men ", "die ", "so distasteful ", "are simply intoxicating ", "control-alt-delete simone as quickly ", "good guys ", "very best movies ", "dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ", "emotional depth ", "stock situations and characters ", "sucks ", "lovely , eerie film ", "alexandre ", "been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant ", "classical ", "showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge ", "absorbing and unsettling psychological drama ", "the movie 's seams may show ... but ", "never rises above superficiality . ", "despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . ", "almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' ", "gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements ", "too clumsy in key moments ", "'s super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . ", "a gangster movie with the capacity ", "why is this so boring ? ", "he respects the material without sentimentalizing it ", "pitch-perfect acting ", "to its proper home ", "-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity ", "definite room for improvement ", ", however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "decidedly unoriginal ", "misuse ", "the resolutions ", "gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day ", "an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . ", "have finally aged past his prime ... ", "no solace here , ", "the holes in this film remain agape -- ", "otherwise excellent ", "good music ", ", really , really good things can come in enormous packages ", "that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself ", "good poetry ", "nevertheless , it still seems endless . ", "of nazi politics and aesthetics ", "the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here ", "as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions ", "the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . ", "an annoying orgy ", ", well , funnier . ", "a stirring road movie . ", "often demented in a good way , ", "the pictures do the punching ", "looks and feels tired . ", "as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . ", "are more compelling than the execution ", "relies less on forced air than on petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius ", "so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style ", "of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically ", "operatic ", "candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars ", "in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids ", "feel absolutely earned ", "their romances ", "manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "me as unusually and unimpressively fussy ", "unrecoverable life ", "they do n't fit well together ", "good-natured and sometimes quite funny ", "both thematic content and narrative strength ", "most mornings ", "little melodramatic , but with ", "you love the music , and i do ", "more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . ", "style and humor ", "close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . ", "'d want to watch if you only had a week to live ", "throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . ", "while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles ", "( l ) ame and unnecessary . ", "aground ", "have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "sweet and romantic ", "but blatantly biased . ", "the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes ", "look sophisticated ", "good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . ", "great acting ", "from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap ", "visually atrocious , and often downright creepy ", "... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . ", "the pleasure of his sounds and images ", "low-tech ", "that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as ", "the first mistake ", "the raw comic energy ", "benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . ", "rock solid family fun out of the gates , ", "enormous feeling ", "abyss ", "it preaches ", "accepting him in the role ", "very capable nailbiter ", "unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints ", "at heart is a sweet little girl ", "powerful and provocative ", "of the charm and little ", "degenerates ", "as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved ", "breathtaking adventure ", "would tax einstein 's brain . ", "have tremendous chemistry ", "same love story ", "creepy and dead-on ", "always entertaining ", "shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished ", "a strong thumbs ", "young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated ", "surprisingly powerful and universal ", "clueless and ", "the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament ", "putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . ", "the dutiful precision of a tax accountant ", "of extremely talented musicians ", "high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . ", "combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . ", "columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie ", "an undeniably moving film ", "a powerful look at a failure of our justice system ", "helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying ", "'s too much syrup and not enough fizz ", "a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal ", "the most beautiful , evocative works ", "the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . ", "gets the job done ", "aims so low ", "run out screaming ", "goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "drew to a close ", "odd and ", "just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through ", "the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . ", "provide an emotional edge ", "what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . ", "sadistic ", "looks and feels tired ", "funniest film ", "is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . ", "'s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . ", "that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen ", "cheapen the overall effect . ", "the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . ", "provide any conflict ", "while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ", "love it ", "far more appealing ", "the most interesting writer/directors ", "notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl ", "it ultimately satisfies with its moving story ", "succeeds primarily ", "a philosophical void ", "beautifully shaped ", "i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . ", "you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . ", ", home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . ", ", you 'll like it . ", "lucid work ", "most creative , energetic and original ", "you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . ", "earnest moment ", "'s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ", "unique and entertaining twist ", "strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "glory ", "marvel ", "shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown ", "too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style ", "to be too great ", "charming ", "without any of its sense of fun or energy ", "the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . ", "that rare movie that works on any number of levels ", "wondering why these people mattered ", "runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance . ", "translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya ", "gentle and ", "may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done ", "for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast ", "strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances ", "if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . ", "re-imagining of beauty and ", "a dim ", "alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary ", "well-formed ", "all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . ", "phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , ", "that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough ", "shreve 's graceful dual narrative ", "the sum of its pretensions ", "captivating and intimate ", "be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ", "overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm ", "no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive ", "superficiality and ", "is one helluva singer ", "the scariest movie ", "a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies ", "perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's ", "be patient with the lovely hush ! ", "less psycho ", "is unfocused , ", "spielberg flair ", "unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . ", "a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm ", "if it 's not entirely memorable ", "be themselves ", "an imaginatively mixed cast ", "be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting ", "starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable ", "point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets ", "a fall ", "have sprung from such a great one ", "simply ca n't recommend it enough . ", "remarkable skill ", "the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . ", "bully ", "to the concept of loss ", "by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . ", "strongest ", "pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences ", "it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture ", "it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . ", "lead a group of talented friends astray ", "pair that with really poor comedic writing ... ", "of the movie 's success ", "feels a bit anachronistic . ", "as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered ", "the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "pass up ", "an enjoyable feel-good family comedy ", "my own tortured psyche ", "dubious ", "a pleasant and engaging enough sit , ", "attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe ", "is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . ", "'s mostly a pleasure to watch . ", "it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior ", "yet surprisingly entertaining ", "( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and ", "director lee has a true cinematic knack , ", "is top shelf ", "might deliver again and again ", "honest performances and ", "clever angle ", "the central flaw ", "is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy ", "vividly back ", "all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) ", "as banal as the telling may be ", "about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days ", "familiar and predictable , ", "i simply ca n't recommend it enough . ", "dead-on ", ", remarkably unpretentious ", "this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , ", "after decades ", "cyndi lauper ", "an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . ", "at once laughable and compulsively watchable ", "have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ", "has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises ", "'s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . ", "no solace here , no entertainment value ", "mostly , ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . ", "nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness ", "questionable kind ", "all the loss ", "cinema fans ", "are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams ", "of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. ", "his supple understanding of the role ", "a kilt ", "cool gadgets and creatures ", "that made me want to scream ", "straightforward , emotionally honest manner ", "of its execution and skill of its cast ", "bother to rent this on video ", "a good natured warning ", "chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . ", "a twisted sense ", "director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . ", "overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper ", "terrific ", "handed down ", "it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . ", "foul up shum 's good intentions ", "provocative ", "moved to the edge of their seats ", "younger generations ", "sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true ", "'s refreshing to see a romance this smart ", "the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while ", "he 's already done way too often ", "a sudden lunch rush ", "sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' . ", "works superbly here ", "a love story and ", "wo n't be sitting through this one again ", "even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . ", "to consider the looseness of the piece ", "a quick-buck sequel ", "the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner ", "absurdities and clich\u00e9s accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . ", ", but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . ", "a hint of humor ", "the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film ", "'s surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits ", "it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . ", "negligible british comedy . ", "every joke is repeated at least -- ", ", they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . ", "lowbrow ", "jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs ", "of love and companionship ", "cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) ", "an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking ", "an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ", "ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter ", "much of what we see is horrible but ", "good actors ", "rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... ", "does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances ", "another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls ", "return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , ", "entirely suspenseful ", "'ll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment ", "an action hero with table manners , ", "nostalgic ", "despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . ", "potentially just as rewarding ", "my own minority report is that it stinks . ", "is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ", "artless ", "one of those ` alternate reality ' ", "at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . ", "wo n't enjoy the movie at all . ", "eventual cult classic ", "is never clear ", "effects that are more silly than scary ", "with universal appeal ", "been a good film in `` trouble every day ", "utterly forgettable ", "releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults ", "loathsome movie ", "the shameless self-caricature ", "plays closer to two . ", "on cue ", "cute alien ", "for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "episodic choppiness , ", "insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances ", "shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people ", "not in a good way ", "at best ", "goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab ", "prominent ", "improved upon the first ", "is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists ", "more of an ordeal than an amusement ", "right ways ", "becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if ", "'s also not very good ", "dime-store ruminations ", "transformed star ", "without merit ", "it has some problems ", "some sort of beacon of hope ", "bravery and dedication ", ", he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable ", "more hackneyed elements ", "no big whoop , nothing new to see , ", "in some terrific setpieces ", "'re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . ", "much of the movie 's charm ", "takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . ", "abject suffering ", "'s certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . ", "manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time ", "updating works surprisingly well ", "the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . ", "is casual and fun ", "balanced film ", "teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "shine through the gloomy film noir veil ", "than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry ", "although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired ", "hits its mark ", ", it 's mission accomplished ", "can take credit for most of the movie 's success ", "could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . ", "been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better . ", "when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours ", ", no one can hear you snore ", "discord ", "boobs ", "ambitious ", "easy to be bored by as your abc 's ", "ill-considered notion ", "you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . ", "well-crafted family film ", "expected flair ", "mindless without being the peak of all things insipid ", "is grotesque and boring ", "to the head of the class of women 's films ", "trenchant satirical jabs ", "fairly predictable psychological thriller ", "loyalty ", "a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter ", "holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . ", "totally ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ", "is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree ", "'s already been too many of these films ... ", "the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances ", "grab your kids and run and then probably call the police ", "it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . ", "marvelous film ", "in manipulation and mayhem ", "makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish ", "you 're willing to have fun with it ", "'ll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . ", "it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire . ", "to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power ", "as boring and ", "its storytelling prowess and special effects ", "thoroughly satisfying entertainment ", "rodan is out of his league ", "was so uninspiring ", "cause parents a few sleepless hours -- ", "skunk ", "works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever . ", "sensitive , cultivated treatment ", "goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks ", "of the finest films of the year ", "has n't been worth caring about ", "flat-out amusing , ", "schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ", "holocaust escape story ", "a breakthrough in filmmaking ", "the high infidelity ", "an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending ", "false ", "is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . ", "the overcooked , ham-fisted direction ", "a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance ", "bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining ", "... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . ", "in the manner of a golden book sprung to life ", "lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise ", "'re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity ", "features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase ", "there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction ", "grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces ", "schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . ", "us to forget most of the film 's problems ", "takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : ", ", i was entranced . ", "fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . ", "'s an excellent 90-minute film ", "a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . ", "too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil ", "( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . ", "suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense ", "sanctimonious ", "hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being . ", "brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance ", "a touching reflection ", "wholesome ", "and second , what 's with all the shooting ? ", "strong erotic ", "measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor ", "bewilderingly brilliant ", "an edgy thriller ", "even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "things to like ", "the very best movies ", "jazzy score ", "the misery ", "have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered ", "more timely in its despairing vision of corruption ", "talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be ", "is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ", "were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone ", "as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . ", "things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films ", "could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . ", "the mark of a documentary that works ", "with a momentum that never lets up ", "derivative ", "the writing is indifferent ", "you 're too interested to care . ", "screaming but yawning ", "downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . ", "you actually buy into ", ", mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . ", "a visual spectacle ", "of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking ", "luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing ", "picture that does not move . ", "of important developments of the computer industry ", "only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them ", "whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "empowerment ", "thanks largely ", "has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours ", "shakespeare 's better known tragedies ", "an enormously entertaining movie ", "allows us to chuckle through the angst ", "from a bygone era ", "i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care ", "incredible ", "hollow , self-indulgent ", "is a pretty decent little documentary . ", "will keep them awake ", "low-tech magic realism and , at times , ", "by the artsy and often pointless visuals ", "the film is not only a love song to the movies but ", "and , through it all , human ", "told , with superb performances throughout ", "is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical ", "the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies ", "ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", ", the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . ", "a well loved classic ", "quiet ", "it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . ", "its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "misconceived final 5 ", "muddy psychological ", "slick ", "of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory ", "it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . ", "sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins ", "popcorn adventure ", "engaging storyline ", "little revision works ", "... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . ", "the always hilarious meara and ", "celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light ", "of love that strikes a very resonant chord ", "its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future ", "knows how to tell us about people ", "being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks ", "make the attraction a movie ", "is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . ", "most wondrously ", "once playful and haunting , ", "as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season ", "psychologically probing ", "the horrible pains of a death ", "saving grace ", "this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . ", "than franchise possibilities ", "sweaty-palmed fun ", "j.k. rowling 's marvelous series ", "it gets very ugly , very fast ", "oddballs ", "ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . ", "its personable , amusing cast ", "interesting and accessible ", "an admirable , ", "without sham the raw-nerved story ", "the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . ", "already knows it 's won ", "just such a dungpile ", "to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun ", "the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , ", "manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal ", "bones tickled ", "turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . ", "a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , ", "should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days ", "not particularly scary ", "is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time ", "utterly misplaced earnestness ", "for a story ", "is completely at sea ", "so sloppy , so uneven , ", "impressive in imax dimensions ", "warm nor fuzzy ", "phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and ", "the story 's scope and pageantry ", "the slippery slope of dishonesty ", "hurts ", "a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks ", "is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . ", "a supremely kittenish performance ", "that likely ", "a trip ", "has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama ", "to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle ", "jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , ", "one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... ", "dullingly ", "as warm as it is wise ", "of that already-shallow ", "a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale ", "'re clueless and inept ", "to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape ", "trotting out threadbare standbys ", "cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative ", "pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ", "believable mother/daughter pair ", "laugh-out-loud funny ", "beckons us all ", "the huskies are beautiful , ", "( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets ", "like quirky , slightly strange french films ", "flourishes ", "a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' ", "a colorful , vibrant introduction ", "this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . ", "you 'll cheer . ", "might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . ", "already tired ", "lacking ", "infantile ", "its characters ' decisions ", "a ragbag of cliches . ", "am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here ", "epics ", "it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump ", "it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense ", "offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . ", "feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . ", "rhapsodic ", "but they 're simply not funny performers ", "to the film 's music ", "eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights ", "an unpleasantly ", "of our most flamboyant female comics ", "feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . ", "a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . ", "it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "plays as dramatic ", "funny ", "liked about schmidt a lot ", "enigma lacks it . ", "people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it ", "beautifully shot , ", "of bland hotels , highways , parking lots ", "seriously intended movie ", "a mystery devoid ", ", there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . ", "i have given this movie a rating of zero . ", "a fascinating character study ", "a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn ", "i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special ", "authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless ", "cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock ", "clever and subtle ", "incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "vivid characters ", "a shock-you-into-laughter intensity ", "mcgrath ", "turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . ", "slow , painful healing process ", "laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany ", "even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . ", "lovefest ", "desirable ", "other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital ", "enough to become comparatively sane and healthy ", "wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate ", "innuendo ", "that feels dusty and leatherbound ", "less capable ", "sweet gentle jesus ", "that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough ", "to admit i walked out of runteldat ", "has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition ", "turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count ", "sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , ", "the positive change in tone ", "it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . ", "captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world ", "pretentious ", ", ivan is a prince of a fellow ", "america 's thirst ", "recycles every clich\u00e9 about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera ", "a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) ", ", few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . ", ", abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "funniest ", "affected and boring ", "precise ", "'s compelling ", "to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies ", "a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth ", "creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . ", "has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ... ", "it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead ", "is a rather toothless take on a hard young life ", "this romantic comedy ", "excites ", "murder by numbers just does n't add up . ", "die hideously ", "to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely ", "the vampires ", "that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party ", "nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . ", "genuinely ", "meaningless , vapid and devoid ", "to shout insults at the screen ", "ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . ", "larger than life ", "comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . ", "worthwhile ", "a miraculous movie ", "down-to-earth ", "a fifty car pileup of cliches . ", "i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week ", "a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . ", "in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year ", "not the craven of ' a nightmare ", "stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ", "odd drama ", "sly humor ", "a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin ", "surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . ", "stress-reducing ", "the charismatic jackie chan ", "put through torture for an hour and a half ", "street-smart ", "returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . ", "find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash ", "striking villains ", "numbing experience ", "each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and ", "the movie is certainly not number 1 ", "the heart and soul of cinema ", "too good ", "so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory ", "the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years ", "is well below expectations . ", "as simultaneously funny ", "in welcome perspective ", "he does best ", "fine job ", "the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority ", "turn down ", "living under a rock ", "lush ", "reeking of research library dust ", "alienate the mainstream audience ", "that reaches across time and distance ", "were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ", "i am baffled by jason x. ", "a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . ", "the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , ", "a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man ", "dumb story ", "are certainly ", ", an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . ", "morbid ", "episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust ", "entertaining documentary ", "bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious . ", "a vampire soap opera that does n't make much ", "revolutionary ", "tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender ", "which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ", "the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker ", "the intentionally low standards ", "carl ", "quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and ", "is n't as weird as it ought to be ", "another useless recycling of a brutal mid - ", "guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort ", "a wannabe comedy ", "the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem ", "the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . ", "its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through ", "the best possible senses ", "may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "renowned ", "is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus ", "further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . ", "-- thoughtfully written ", "too many wrong turns ", "has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . ", "though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . ", "surprisingly decent ", "expert comic timing ", "family drama ", "invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs ", "has a film 's title served such dire warning ", "that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time ", "trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' ", "an eventual cult classic would be an understatement ", "good-natured fun ", "... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . ", "the performances are amiable and committed ", "picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . ", "breathe out of every frame ", "topic ", "cheap-shot mediocrity ", "steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology ", "blatantly biased ", "grace this deeply touching melodrama . ", "michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here ", "a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ", "enjoy on a certain level ", "the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience ", "superior '' ", "is well worthwhile . ", "help this movie one bit ", "would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire ", "just more of the same , ", "is a convincing one ", "'s not original enough ", "a strangely sinister happy ending ", "to the outstanding soundtrack ", "they 're clueless and inept ", "pulling on heartstrings ", "yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . ", "but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . ", "the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality ", "the powerful ", "be a breath of fresh air ", "these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before ", "treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina ", "cute partnership ", "general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music ", "the , yes , snail-like pacing ", "iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . ", "a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . ", "the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . ", "wise , wizened ", "a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot ", "a wal-mart budget ", "the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . ", "offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film ", "weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces ", "outright newness ", "the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers ", "is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family ", "we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and ", "'s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd ", "genuine heart ", "even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious ", "'s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ", "favor of an altogether darker side ", "a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . ", "because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed ", "adorable ", "sweet , charming ", "on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . ", "plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . ", "arduous ", "armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . ", "heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable ", "this terrific film ", "a thoroughly awful movie -- ", "change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat ", "a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . ", "'s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience ", "slight but sweet ", "enough gun battles and ", "derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and ", "zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . ", "a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . ", "as blasphemous and nonsensical ", "a surprising , subtle turn ", "is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "expertly plucking tension from quiet ", "calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored ", "squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had ", "the worst movie of 2002 ", "never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit ", "of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case ", "shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . ", "sterling ", "play their roles with vibrant charm ", "a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . ", "the best film ", "is n't much fun ", "bolstered by exceptional performances ", "the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . ", "with a cause ", "off witty and sophisticated ", ", home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , ", "pairing clayburgh and tambor ", "misguided comedy ", "are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care ", "straining to produce another smash ", "is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . ", "entertain or ", "until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching ", "with incredible subtlety and acumen ", "watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . ", "soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard ", "seems more tacky and reprehensible , ", "its own ironic implications ", "to south seas islanders ", "that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived ", "work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon ", "remains uniquely itself ", "he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty ", "phlegmatic ", "a small gem from belgium ", "subjective ", "is a convincing one , and ", "a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . ", "blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . ", "punchier ", "uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree ", "hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby ", "the retro gang melodrama ", "cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma ", "is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . ", "horrid ", "on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about ", ", the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . ", "to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film ", "bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star ", "no way to entertain or inspire its viewers ", "but strangely believable ", "literate ", "hearts and minds ", "finds itself in reduced circumstances ", ") best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america ", "a personal low for everyone involved ", "( washington 's ) strong hand ", "it ai n't art , by a long shot ", "is not even half the interest . ", "heartwarming ", "a funny , triumphant , and ", "you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit . ", "hands-on storytelling ", "the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about ", "the most entertaining monster movies in ages ", "of the worst films of the summer ", "the wrong times ", "rise above the level of an after-school tv special ", "rock-solid gangster movie ", "nails hard - ", "cliched dialogue and perverse escapism ", "authentically impulsive humor ", "to create images you wish you had n't seen ", "shoot it in the head ", "best possible senses ", "ultimately fails ", "above superficiality ", "directionless ", "busts out of its comfy little cell ", "well paced and satisfying little drama ", "not smart and not engaging ", "is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . ", "plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . ", "a delicious and delicately funny look ", "been lost in the translation this time ", "hard to resist ", "is every bit as fascinating ", "hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . ", "tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , ", "from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ", "'s serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . ", "much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . ", "the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book ", "the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and ", ", creativity , and fearlessness ", "colorful , joyous celebration ", "ca n't even do that much . ", "at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart . ", "demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", "it 's a sad , sick sight ", "the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . ", "terrifically entertaining specimen ", "a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece ", "pros ", "a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain ", "bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy ", "in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped ", "scratching your head in amazement over the fact ", "teens are looking for something to make them laugh ", "this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . ", "an already thin story ", "through contrived plot points ", "aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats ", "not engaging ", "quirkily appealing minor movie ", "could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again ", "the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing ", "an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and ", "this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here ", "the artwork ", "formulaic ", "that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system ", "humanly possible ", "that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not ", "an increasingly important film industry ", "you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . ", "proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . ", "has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them ", "a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings ", "is smart , not cloying . ", "otherwise good movie ", "a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness ", "of wit and dignity ", "genuinely satisfying ", "by the shadowy lighting ", "a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages ", "well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . ", "twisted , brilliant and macabre ", "vile , incoherent mess ", "it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . ", "are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "precious and finely cut diamond ", "rank with its worthy predecessors ", "elvira fans could hardly ask for more . ", "us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "rohmer 's talky films fascinate me ", "of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ", "a splendid meal ", "all works out ", "makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . ", "the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ", "surprisingly brilliant ", "a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . ", "a weepy melodrama ", "the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "lil bow wow takes the cake ", "steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . ", "it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . ", "clear point ", "will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then ", "popular ", "in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . ", "expecting ", "does sound promising in theory ", "putrid ", "hefty thematic material ", "left a few crucial things out ", "to perform ", ", wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . ", "the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing ", "construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis ", "to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ", "mr. polanski is in his element here : ", "fare with real thematic heft . ", "king lear ", "an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal ", "an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . ", "looking for a story ", "a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration ", "with a treasure chest of material ", "a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience ", "( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . ", "is rote spookiness ", "a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry ", "can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? ", "a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , ", "the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained . ", "separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd ", "took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long ", "brilliant performances ", "good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography ", "uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' ", "great ", "oppressively ", "its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . ", "costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ", "is so thoughtlessly assembled . ", "beneath it ", "a first-class road movie that proves you ", "to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "sweet and ", "for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy ", "rated eee for excitement ", "half-hearted fluke ", "dynamic first act ", "a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings ", "what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor . ", "woozy quality ", "the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . ", "foul up ", "no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . ", "the bottom tier ", "smart , ", "`` radical '' or `` suck '' ", "banal ", "an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages ", "bottomlessly ", "pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . ", "combined with indoctrinated prejudice ", "might want to check it out ", "the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing ", ", it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . ", "over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage ", "i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . ", "we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine . ", "was right about blade ", "than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series ", "the effort is sincere and ", "sparkling newcomer ", "this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time ", "in a dysfunctional family ", "ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . ", "with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and ", "perversely ", "pathetic junk ", "of musical passion ", "stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters ", "the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt ", "sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . ", "a casual intelligence ", "his impressions of life and loss and ", "exhilarating , funny and fun . ", "presented with great sympathy and intelligence ", "first shocking thing ", "with a sweet ", "an expert thriller ", "this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece ", "sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long ", "terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . ", "is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story ", "believe anyone would really buy this stuff ", "deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ", "this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film ", "very well-written and very well-acted . ", "narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . ", "to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering ", "a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play ", "also seems to play on a 10-year delay ", "bravura ", "i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and ", "the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- ", "the ticket you need ", "behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense ", "an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 ", "less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series ", "the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... ", "most good-hearted yet sensual ", "something impressive and yet lacking about everything ", "does n't generate a lot of energy ", "a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles ", "impressive fake documentary ", "is a disarmingly lived-in movie ", "murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... ", "the emotional heart ", "even more predictable , cliche-ridden ", "that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . ", "find much fascination ", "has no character , loveable or otherwise ", "maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different ", "the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . ", "i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . ", "more than a tepid ", "the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious ", "goes to the essence of broadway ", "before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy ", "susceptible to blue hilarity , ", "a very good viewing alternative for young women ", "'s a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments ", "a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory ", "worst excesses ", "it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men ", "makes the journey feel like a party ", "classy ", "dry of humor , verve and fun ", "the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . ", "most romantic comedies , ", "close to real life ", "perfect comic timing ", "is credible and remarkably mature ", "some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , ", "be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . ", "this much imagination and ", "totally unnecessary prologue ", "expressive power ", "'s good enough . ", "incredibly dated and unfunny ", "our dismay ", "though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . ", "seems aware of his own coolness ", "designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . ", "match his ambition ", "rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... ", "a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience ", "amiable ", "are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition ", "( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) ", "great premise ", "emotionally satisfying ", "the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . ", "of the problems with the film ", "the road ", "weighted down with slow , ", "about the life ", "climactic burst ", "the performances of their careers ", "observed character piece . ", "sterile and ", "i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . ", "magnificent swooping aerial shots ", "future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter ", "without being shrill ", "its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and ", "a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film ", "unrelentingly grim -- and ", "wonderfully loopy tale ", "riveting memories ", "cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . ", "stilted ", "its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and ", "becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . ", "done excellent work ", "like something wholly original ", "just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . ", "to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "they 're struggling to create . ", "there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , ", "starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . ", "abandoned , ", "bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay ", "a very resonant chord ", "dehumanizing and ego-destroying ", "this comic slugfest ", "an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . ", "sure to ultimately disappoint the action ", "assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony ", "find little of interest ", "mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear ", "caper thrills ", "ultimately worthwhile ", "mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering ", "'s coherent , well shot ", "perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man ", "realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch ", "narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . ", "to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence ", "its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference ", "to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism ", "it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . ", "in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot ", "the great american comedy ", "is what we call the ` wow ' factor . ", "to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor ", "trudge ", ", the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . ", "of slapstick sequences ", "there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , ", ", intellectually and logistically a mess . ", "nothing about crime ", "a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience ", "epic four-hour indian musical ", "if kaos had n't blown them all up ", "needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . ", "chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "i could n't recommend this film more . ", "done with noticeably less energy and imagination ", "a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other ", "those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . ", "of sleaziness ", "no timeout ", "gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast ", "makes absolutely no sense ", "witlessness ", "may lack the pungent bite of its title , but ", "trapped at a bad rock concert ", "a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater ", ", inflammatory film ", "generally smart ", "unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . ", "a legendary professor ", "fascinating ", "the predictability ", "has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream ", "with no obvious escape ", "simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . ", "extraordinary debut from josh koury ", "reluctant ", "cult ", "wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles ", "low-grade cheese standards ", "incompetent cops ", "was utterly charming . ", "a pedestrian , flat drama ", "an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . ", "himself a deft pace master and stylist ", "unique director 's ", "there are some laughs in this movie ", "informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . ", "teddy bears ' ", "extraordinary ", "the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . ", "one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . ", "a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator ", "is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . ", "of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness ", "has all the outward elements of the original ", "the edge of sanity ", "austin powers films ", "does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "fighting hard for something that really matters ", "of crucifixion ", "all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king ", "any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country ", "catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , ", "on the edge of your seat ", "a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . ", "marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows ", "its best ", "one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ", "argues ", "stuffed to the brim with ideas ", "( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass ", "looks closely , insightfully ", "gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' ", ", insight and humor ", "the boat loads of people who try to escape the country ", "that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism ", "is the most disappointing woody allen movie ", "if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . ", "succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth ", "the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ", "an insultingly unbelievable final act ", "a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . ", "the heart of the film ", "tries for more . ", "first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . ", "depressing , ruthlessly pained ", "fahrenheit 451 ", "bawdy ", "an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , ", "overcooked souffl\u00e9 ", "shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action ", "silly ", "impossible spot ", "the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . ", "is , however , ", "to do with 94 minutes ", "lacks in outright newness ", "have to see it ", ", brooding and slow ", "depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived ", "american sports ", "'s nice ", "this ill-conceived and expensive project ", "the film works well enough to make it worth watching ", "epiphany ", "an enthralling ", "manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time ", "indulgence ", "through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes ", "pretty good little movie ", "a $ 40 million version of a game ", "love the music ", "warm , inviting , and ", "it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . ", "some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' ", "to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe ", "that it actually makes the heart soar ", "one not-so-small problem ", "faster , livelier and ", "a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . ", "slow pacing ", "not-so-bright mother and daughter ", "substitute plot for personality ", "among the many pleasures ", "you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars . ", "is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . ", "humor in i spy is so anemic . ", "what is essentially an extended soap opera ", "amateurish , quasi-improvised ", "; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . ", "well-crafted letdown . ", "'s nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . ", "plotless collection of moronic stunts ", "a deserved co-winner ", "delicately crafted film ", "obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . ", "compelling , provocative and prescient viewing ", "sincere performance ", "funny , charming and quirky ", "is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . ", "anachronistic quick edits and ", "riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder ", "true to its animatronic roots ", "last-place basketball ", "powerful and satisfying ", "of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up ", "a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket ", "the climactic hourlong cricket match ", "the poor quality of pokemon 4 ", "a sensitive , modest comic tragedy ", "... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . ", "short on larger moralistic consequences ", "accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . ", "of an authentic feel ", "up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms ", "take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them ", "i thoroughly enjoyed the love story ", "improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary ", "is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness ", ", talented , charismatic and tragically ", "best short story writing ", "of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal ", "new ways of describing badness ", "visually striking and viscerally repellent . ", "in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic ", "wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . ", "one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . ", "eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . ", "one of the year 's best ", "the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie ", "gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness ", "it 's more than a worthwhile effort ", "it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . ", "to the power of the eccentric and the strange ", "running on empty , ", "too amateurish and ", "got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem ", "unengaging ", "has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors ", "well-rounded tribute ", "is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe ", "has a number of holes ", "stretched out to feature ", "kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast ", "one of the year 's best films ", "the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and ", "puts an exclamation point ", "it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose ", "of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement ", "that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes ", "'d prefer a simple misfire ", "hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... ", "aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once ", "totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe ", "seen as hip , ", "was more melodramatic ", "becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are ", "( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . ", "is nicely shot ", "part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . ", "i thought the relationships were wonderful , ", "when it drags ", "strolls ", "integrity ", "will wind up as glum as mr. de niro ", "few cheap shocks ", "a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . ", "can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . ", "sinks further and further into comedy futility ", "exercise in formula crash-and-bash action ", "a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . ", "'re the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . ", "reggio 's ", "miserable ", "to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "'s a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . ", "uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . ", "intellectually and logistically ", "self-conscious but often hilarious ", "the director 's epitaph for himself ", "you could change tables ", "reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things ", "the sleekness of the film 's present ", "cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure ", "a genuine mind-bender . ", "the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . ", "ayurveda does the field no favors ", "the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . ", "stooping to base melodrama ", "goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ", "an interesting technical exercise ", "proud warrior ", "of that ", "comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . ", "terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . ", "the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . ", "accumulated enjoyment ", "pok\u00e9mon 4ever ", ", gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . ", "a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants ", "low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes ", "makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . ", "the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , ", "is always watchable ", "-- and deeply appealing -- ", "the illogic of its characters ", "nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . ", "one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater ", "a breathtakingly assured and stylish work ", "of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "make for one splendidly cast pair . ", "steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . ", "a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . ", "intense ", "for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension ", "as faithful portraiture ", "demented ", "strongest and most touching movie of recent years ", "it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . ", "becomes a sermon for most of its running time . ", "was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . ", "deeply satisfying ", "devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot ", "'s no rooting interest ", "he 's the best brush in the business ", "figures prominently in this movie ", "that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances ", "( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . ", "a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , ", "if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . ", "a huge mess ", "instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games ", "further ", "of its lurid fiction ", "deserve but rarely receive it ", ", what makes the movie fresh ", "... a guiltless film for nice evening out . ", "of ( woo 's ) best work ", "the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "a thoughtful what-if ", ", you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . ", "to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe ", "the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ", "just do n't really care too much about this love story . ", "virtually absent ", "been there , done that , liked it much better ", "pleasant tale ", "is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen ", "alternating with lots of sloppiness ", "a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . ", "his film overwhelmed ", "will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' ", "a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . ", "dry humor and jarring shocks ", "has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . ", "predictable denouement ", "steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . ", "succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . ", "particularly joyless , and ", "quite admirable ", "like bad cinema ", "smart ", "is n't . ", "are based on stock clich\u00e9s ", "utterly absorbing ", "unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear ", "great american comedy ", "on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue ", "a surprisingly funny movie ", "plunging deeper ", "gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . ", "tartly ", "a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention ", "tiresomely simpleminded ", "cold , calculated exercise ", "fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte ", "up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick ", "a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy ", "boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ", "limited chemistry ", "the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness ", "a sexy slip of an earth mother ", "hellish ", "maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . ", "the simpering soundtrack ", "sights ", "bottom-rung new jack city ", "super-stupid ", "a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . ", "'s just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . ", "were a series of bible parables and not an actual story ", "a quaint , romanticized rendering ", "mean-spirited and wryly ", "i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . ", "dangerous ", "a baffling subplot ", "a slap-happy series ", "nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . ", "an imaginative teacher ", "of a sports extravaganza ", "american beauty reeks ", "of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation ", "a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . ", "generally insulting ", "oddly fascinating ", "the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . ", "think they ", "this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast ", "this amiable picture ", "just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded ", "worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances ", "perception , conviction ", "tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "wilco fans will have a great time , ", "adequately ", "has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ", "that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality ", "passion , and genius ", "you feel what they feel ", "as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice ", "well-paced ", "had their hearts in the right place . ", "ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "engaging as it is revealing ", "withered ", "as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . ", "johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . ", "bratty for sympathy ", "a recommendation ", "leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love ", "being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ", "this too-long , spoofy update ", "sick and demented humor ", "becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' ", "gentle longing ", "though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab ", "guts and ", "no one can hear you snore ", "about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man ", "director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; ", "founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women ", "to have their kids ", "'s surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . ", "feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ", "a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance ", "the smug self-satisfaction ", "has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation ", "hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss ", "'s a lot to recommend read my lips ", "slow death ", "a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . ", "keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes ", "pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "impressionistic ", "but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . ", "bother thinking it all through ", "spiffy animated feature ", "director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , ", "the funniest american comedy ", "is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . ", "will nevertheless find moving . ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , ", "uneven but a lot of fun . ", "rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake ", "a laughable -- ", "with such provocative material ", "dramatic , funny and poignant ", "a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . ", "an audience 's ", "that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ", "young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig ", "trash cinema ", "feel like mopping up ", "offers a desperately ingratiating performance . ", "savvy street activism ", "is funny . ", "its visual panache ", "especially with the weak payoff ", "soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' ", "has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . ", "superbly ", "become expert fighters ", "good theatre ", "of domestic tension and unhappiness ", "bite ", "it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief ", "a fairly revealing study of its two main characters ", "the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy ", "constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism ", "poetry ", "remarkable and memorable film ", "strong dramatic and emotional pull ", "this wedding ", "that it 's also one of the smartest ", "is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . ", "that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long ", "robustness ", "this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . ", "an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work ", "one good one ", "idiotically ", "rueful , wry humor ", "devoid ", "limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror ", "plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . ", "most opaque , ", "elaborate choreography ", "soulless ", "shock-you-into-laughter intensity ", "'s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies ", "that rare quality ", "whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent ", "do n't understand what on earth is going on ", "offers no new insight on the matter , ", "shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans ", "a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows ", "is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . ", "remarkable new trick ", "crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality ", "moments of hilarity to be had ", "bouncing bravado ", "an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut ", "exceptional lead performances ", "an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . ", "a lame kiddie flick ", "leaves you giddy ", "a cellular phone commercial ", "his best screen ", "david letterman and the onion ", "no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . ", "there , done that ... a thousand times already ", "ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . ", "detailed ", "a terrible movie ", "is not , nor will he be , back ", "certainly does n't disappoint . ", ", the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . ", "hitchcockian suspense ", "abrupt ", "focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs ", "likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . ", "poetic ", "sickeningly ", "more bluster ", "impressive roster ", "consider it ` perfection ", "sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling ", "is lightweight filmmaking ", "it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . ", "'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen ", "feel like three hours ", "a weird fizzle ", "'ll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery ", "the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . ", "an unforgettable ", "is more like something from a bad clive barker movie ", "spectacular performance - ahem ", "samuel l. jackson ", "delivers a magnetic performance ", "is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart ", "a heavy stench of ` been there , done ", "followed by the bad idea ", "with an elegance and maturity ", "than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter ", "unforgettable ", "dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ", "believable and ", "a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "have no affinity for most of the characters ", "there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but ", "but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . ", "oddly honest ", "because of its epic scope ", "it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . ", "for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ", "most good-hearted ", "is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . ", "at theaters ", "valiantly ", "my only complaint ", "can render it anything but laughable ", "a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . ", "smokers only ", "is far more appealing ", "puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material ", "more overtly silly dialogue ", "starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clich\u00e9s . ", "that in a good way ", "the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time ", "no amount of imagination ", "the movie turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . ", "inherently caustic and ", "its position ", "oddly compelling ", "simplistic , silly and tedious . ", "improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper ", "despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . ", "as original and insightful ", "behold in its sparkling beauty ", "the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . ", "dehumanizing ", "drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes ", "of the worst titles in recent cinematic history ", "a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and ", "a nearly terminal case ", "has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . ", "for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... ", "some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . ", "standout performance ", "whole hours ", "build a feel-good fantasy ", "average formulaic romantic quadrangle ", "each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . ", "that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy ", "is such a perfect medium for children , ", "played this story straight ", "engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "rather toothless ", "is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing ", "is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky ", "sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst ", "cheesy b-movie playing ", "an athlete , a movie star , and ", "of a freshly painted rembrandt ", "our sympathies ", "because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh ", "blaxploitation spoof ", "those gimmicks ", "the kind of soft-core twaddle ", "the victims ", "is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does ", "lead performances ", "hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time ", "offers hope ", "dodge this one ", "stale , ", "a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow ", "made but uninvolving ", "is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . ", "north or south vietnamese ", "childlike smile ", "sure , i hated myself in the morning . ", "a tough pill to swallow ", "really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' ", "likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses ", "handsome widescreen photography ", "a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind ", "cinematic pollution ", "full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . ", "a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell ", "hunk ", "while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion ", "truth-telling ", "`` red dragon '' never cuts corners . ", "soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . ", "allegedly inspiring and easily marketable ", "warmed up to him ", "savage full-bodied wit ", ", in a better movie , you might not have noticed . ", "middle eastern world politics ", "kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design ", "ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors ", "to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy ", "some strong supporting players ", "have been a painless time-killer ", "help sustain it ", "half past dead is just such an achievement . ", "that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow ", "it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled ", "average , at best , i 'm afraid . ", "the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm ", "takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and ", "it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout ", "rent those movies instead , ", "max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ", "despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . ", "vivid as the 19th-century ones ", "the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis . ", "delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for ", "by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . ", "looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day ", "endearing cast ", "me no lika da accents so good ", "make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous ", "a fresh point of view ", "a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true ", ", generosity and diplomacy ", "gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general ", "watching junk like this ", "you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . ", "mindless ", "have to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "'s mildly entertaining ", "has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil ", "same old bad trip ", "its greatest play ", "off-beat and fanciful film ", "the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way ", "'ve reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness ", "filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but ", "no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him ", "searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful ", "of martha stewart decorating program run amok ", "the mood for an intelligent weepy ", "as lumpy as two-day old porridge ", "seems worse for the effort . ", "devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants ", "'s the mark of a documentary that works ", "an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . ", "more emotional ", "is n't nearly as funny ", "has some of the funniest jokes of any movie ", "if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too ", "vapid ", "a strong and confident work ", "draws its considerable power from simplicity . ", "of a film that are still looking for a common through-line ", "directed , barely ", "too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . ", "overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . ", "real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . ", "flatter it ", "true emotional connection or identification frustratingly ", "abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ", "with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . ", "much entertainment value ", "deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . ", "its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine ", "things so nice ", "just as endearing and easy to watch ", "as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . ", "horribly depressing and not very well done ", "compassionately portrayed ", "as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . ", "gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time ", "the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . ", "judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . ", "its opening ", "jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . ", "raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit ", "the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- ", "a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . ", "comedy goes ", "burning ", "inventing ", "'s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ", "successfully blended satire , ", "so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough ", "compassion , ", "smart , provocative drama ", ", right-wing , propriety-obsessed family ", "that graze the funny bone ", "predecessors ", "struggled ", "is an enjoyable big movie ", "honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers ", "film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . ", "reveals how bad an actress she is ", "caf\u00e9 ", "as it stands i ", "`` besotted '' is misbegotten ", "mothers ", "true star ", "is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often ", "like real life ", "any fiction ", "is a movie full of grace ", "a 90-minute , four-star movie ", "while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . ", "because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him ", "corny conventions ", "warned ", "it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before ", "shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale ", "of creative belly laughs ", "'s all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . ", "sketches ", "with its subjects ", "wit and compassion ", "into a dullard ", "comatose ", "becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . ", "left on a remote shelf ", "it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate ", "recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "excellent ", "charming , thought-provoking new york fest ", "that is actually funny without hitting below the belt ", "a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast ", "the best way ", "a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) ", "an intimate contemplation of two marvelously ", "is solid , satisfying fare for adults ", "it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . ", "nothing overly original ", "foster and whitaker are especially fine . ", "both shallow and dim-witted ", "cheerfully ", ", bad , bad movie ", "family film sequel ", "alienating most viewers ", "enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", ", intimate and intelligent ", "the journey is such a mesmerizing one ", "'s not entirely memorable ", "genuine quirkiness ", "that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time ", "claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . ", "supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over ", "such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . ", "romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale ", "becomes an overwhelming pleasure ", "beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ", "spiffy bluescreen technique ", "striking a blow for artistic integrity ", "the easy emotional buttons ", "such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue ", "is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work ", ", uneven action comedy ", "visual charm or texture ", "makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty ", "is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . ", "'s also uninspired ", "great character interaction . ", "an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight ", "prepare to marvel again ", "a teen movie with a humanistic message ", "landmark ", "trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' ", "without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . ", "bang your head on the seat in front of you , ", "with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera ", "too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . ", "shining ", "approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor ", "'s really wrong with this ricture ", "holiday carol ", "conflict ", "a personal low ", "a mediocre movie ", "entertainment ", "this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ", "do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . ", "that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess ", "to keep our interest ", "seem to be surefire casting ", "the psychology too textbook to intrigue ", "bluster and ", "for bad movies ", "that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you ", "sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans ", "two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . ", "assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over ", "as tiresome as 9 ", "are not to be dismissed ", "does so without compromising that complexity ", "most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence ", "its intended audience has n't yet had much science ", "was n't one of the film 's virtues ", "bottom tier ", "the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks ", ", deeply absorbing piece ", "rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . ", "ignore the reputation , and ignore the film ", "consistently clever and suspenseful . ", "with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances ", "his clamorous approach ", "the perverse pleasure ", "represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ", "fail to crack a smile at ", "spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but ", "to hell ", "more ridiculous ", "expands ", "nervy and ", "cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "right down the reality drain ", "the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . ", "haphazard theatrical release ", "a sham ", "falls flat as a spoof . ", "with lots of sloppiness ", "a spark of its own ", "have banged their brains into the ground so frequently ", "fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people ", "without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ", "ravishing , baroque beauty ", "helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure ", "it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . ", "of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' ", "valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ", "go around , with music and laughter ", "makes up for in heart . ", "the plot weaves us into a complex web . ", "a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . ", "will forgive the flaws and love the film . ", "great writer ", "one terrific score and attitude to spare ", "succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "unpaid ", ", at last count , numbered 52 different versions ", "manages not only ", ", collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . ", "tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation ", "be more complex than your average film ", "do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ", "entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ", "that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "cast the magnificent jackie chan ", "it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism ", "the film was better than saving private ryan ", "based on a true and historically significant story ", "if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . ", "even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century ", "did n't laugh . ", "the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time ", "fine music never heard ", "stunning animation ", "there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . ", "after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . ", "is so lovely toward the end ", "it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , ", "to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach ", "guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling ", "self-deprecating comedy ", "uncharismatically ", "is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events ", "see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . ", "white 's intermittently wise script ", "top-notch action powers this romantic drama . ", "embarrassed to be part of ", "do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "a certain degree of wit and dignity ", "no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country ", "a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary ", "i killed my father ", "sentimental but entirely irresistible ", "fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . ", ", to say nothing of boring . ", "a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone ", "zone '' episode ", "their shallow styles ", ", the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . ", "major acting lessons and ", "much stronger ", "a great script brought down by lousy direction . ", "mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . ", "a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives ", "as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . ", "lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- ", "coherent ", "it belongs on the big screen ", "traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at ", "tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points ", "the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . ", "persuasive ", "fragmentary narrative style ", "'s a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns ", "an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , ", "the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg ", "seen some bad singer-turned actors ", "one of the worst films of 2002 . ", "loathsome ", "a vivid imagination and ", "who possibly will enjoy it ", "has a new career ahead of him ", "nobody in the viewing audience cares ", "a lackluster script ", "as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making ", "shockers since the evil dead ", "not , difficult and sad ", "is a director to watch ", "proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . ", "soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore ", "it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . ", "'s more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with ", "a talk that appeals to me ", "in the best way ", "offers an interesting look ", "wonder , hope and magic ", "succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . ", "the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance ", "obsessive ", "the occasional belly laugh ", "'s tremendously moving ", "help but engage ", "kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . ", "'s too long ", "does pack some serious suspense ", "the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . ", "lame musketeer ", "content merely ", "you could hate it for the same reason . ", "tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence ", "peppering the pages with memorable zingers ", "absolutely ", "shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling ", ", gut-clutching piece ", "affectionate delight ", "heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . ", "of nature and family warmth ", "then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . ", "a grating endurance test ", "brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . ", "is generally amusing from time ", "the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "dying fall ", "it a comic book with soul ", "feel funny and light ", "big , dumb action movie ", "is a trove of delights ", "lacking ", "seems little different ", "make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . ", ", i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable ", "so many red herrings ", "of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing ", "'s all quite tasteful to look at ", "a wild ride ", "is as often imaginative ", "another genre exercise ", "a terrific effort ", "a grand tour ", "one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . ", "inventive action sequences ", "madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! ", "a treat -- ", "salvos hitting a discernible target . ", "be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world ", "some real vitality ", "revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . ", "to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower ", "contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls ", "adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity ", "a success ", "does n't figure in the present hollywood program ", "most touching movie of recent years ", "tender and ", "because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple ", "manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly ", "an engaging ", "how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? ", "but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . ", "smoother ", "ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . ", "loses its ability to shock and amaze . ", "it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . ", "'s something there ", "a riveting documentary . ", "the best silly horror movies ", ", easily substitutable ", "the most thoughtful fictional examination ", "found his groove ", "mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . ", "rock solid family fun out ", "becomes simply a monster chase film ", "a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . ", "as much of a mess as this one ", "thrilling combination ", "a successful career in tv ", "three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut ", "fun with it ", "a splash even greater ", "distinctly sub-par ", "i like this movie a lot . ", "miss you . ", "delivered in grand passion ", "does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas ", "adroit ", "dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater ", "the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions ", "distinguishable ", "own tortured psyche ", "funny and ", "tsai 's usual style and themes ", "wearisome ", "equals the sum of its pretensions ", "stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king ", "the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . ", "delightfully charming -- ", "songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel ", "a fine-looking film ", "humorless , ", "return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad . ", "a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . ", "is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time ", "an exit sign , that is . ", "at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty ", "one of the best films ", "solid acting and ", "an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest ", "is a tart , smart breath of fresh air ", "through crap like this ", "is pretty damned funny . ", "rigid and evasive in ways ", "the sturdiest example yet ", "as good as the original ", "contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom ", "it 's still damn funny stuff ", "results that are sometimes bracing ", "epic scope ", "hate ", "an astoundingly rich film ", "the best possible ways ", "inventive director ", "'s a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . ", "leave you wanting to abandon the theater ", "therapy-dependent flakeball ", "charm ", "the jokes are sophomoric ", "a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . ", "the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . ", "a bargain-basement european pickup ", "if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . ", "i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ", "is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned . ", "gets drawn into the party . ", "but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . ", "its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis ", "a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . ", "desperately ", "it a failure as straight drama ", "a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated ", "howard and his co-stars all give committed performances ", "a coma ", "like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk ", "not smart or ", "a guiltless film ", "hollywood concoction ", "finds a nice rhythm ", "unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france ", "pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "supplies with tremendous skill ", ", the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . ", "resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ", "the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . ", "brainless , but ", "a bilingual charmer ", "to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time ", "bland animated sequel ", "ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit ", "even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . ", "disgusting ", "carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance ", "lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , ", "the best ` old neighborhood ' project ", "makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . ", "of a good movie ye who enter here ", "enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . ", "mawkish self-parody ", "overcome the triviality of the story ", "that scalds like acid ", "a journey ", "in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard ", "that is slow to those of us in middle age ", "regret ", "to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival ", "cruelly funny twist ", "the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists ", "secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way ", "cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin ", "delivers on that promise ", "the living hell ", "-- being real -- ", "morvern rocks . ", "has value can not be denied ", "are so spot on ", "sacrifices its promise ", "a hard time ", "a great impression ", "too predictable ", "k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick ", "an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . ", "best thing ", "which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard ", "i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like . ", "a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ", "the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness ", "full of cheesy dialogue ", "made for the tube ", "welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture ", "watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . ", "a calm , self-assured portrait ", "unfortunate title ", "the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . ", "analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down ", ", fireballs and revenge ", "the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why ", "is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once ", "for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . ", "unflinching and objective look ", "has no real point ", "set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . ", "demonstrating vividly ", "while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit ", "entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive ", "just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit ", "takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it ", "is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . ", "should have been a cutting hollywood satire ", "in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers ", "even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . ", "assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "universal human impulse ", ", there 's something vital about the movie . ", "in fact , even better ", "joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis bu\u00f1uel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . ", "complex and quirky , ", "the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack ", "must see for all sides of the political spectrum ", "neo-fascism ", "bourgeois french society ", "-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "from grace that still leaves shockwaves ", "wastes its time on mood rather than ", "unimaginatively foul-mouthed ", "pc stability notwithstanding ", "fails to spark this leaden comedy ", "a grating , emaciated flick . ", "it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net ", "slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia ", "a captivating and intimate study ", "can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good ", "grand picture ", ", murky and weakly acted ", "if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . ", "time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge ", "rich and sudden wisdom ", "bottom ", "that might have made no such thing ", "a bit too eager to please ", "john carpenter 's original ", "the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . ", "a little too much resonance with real world events ", "are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting ", "acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . ", "has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and ", ", narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . ", "a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life ", "finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore ", "stay positive ", "songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . ", "tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; ", "rant ", "precarious ", "an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche ", "'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . ", "a testament to the integrity and vision of the band ", "not constant bloodshed ", "although ... visually striking and slickly staged ", "an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame ", "audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but ", "written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there ", "'s not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow ", "sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ", "when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama ", "than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat ", "by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "decrepit freaks ", "why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? ", "might enjoy this ", "visually dazzling ", "comes off as a long ", "disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service ", "flamboyant ", "as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . ", "faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "action and ", "life ", "two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned ", "good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart ", "goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises ", "the gay '70s ", "translate well to the screen ", "come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . ", "cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . ", "soon-to-be-forgettable '' section ", "most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . ", "that the movie has no idea of it is serious or ", "inside righteousness ", "beautifully shot , ", "with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . ", "real dawns , comic relief ", "relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "pale , dark beauty ", "should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor ", "will most likely doze off during this one ", "the most incoherent ", "its title implies ", "it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor ", "to smash its face in ", "buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie ", "the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived ", "it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . ", "ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . ", "'s a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . ", "adventure story and history lesson ", "a pathetic exploitation film ", "to go down with a ship as leaky as this ", "managed to convey a tiny sense of hope ", "go down with a ship as leaky ", ", melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears ", "is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona ", "offers big , fat , dumb ", "poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . ", "champion ", "who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "proves tiresome , ", "find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most ", "with a twisted sense of humor ", "even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory ", "a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy ", "that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse ", "this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . ", "del ", "a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . ", "both hugely entertaining and uplifting ", "the opposite of a truly magical movie ", "the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "unlike ", "-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- ", ", and enjoyable ", "the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . ", "the wit and hoopla ", "disney 's great past ", "act weird ", "finds a nice rhythm . ", "wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . ", "whimsy ", "to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own ", "distressing ", "is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination ", "is worth your time , ", "whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . ", "lead actress ga\u00ef , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , ", "irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . ", "too many ", "a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . ", "prefabricated story elements ", "mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . ", "be sensational ", "cut open a vein ", "after the most awful acts are committed ", "a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling ", "star bruce willis ", "naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation ", "morally bankrupt characters ", "how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ", "while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . ", "tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "unmentionable ", "it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . ", "mind crappy movies ", "an unremittingly ugly movie ", "into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need ", "their charm does n't do a load of good ", "dumbed-down approach ", "delightfully dour ", "their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle . ", "prima ", "beautifully realized ", "the piece works ", "awe and affection ", "one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here ", "this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written ", "of a raindrop ", "adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book ", "emerges as powerful rather than cloying ", "who handily makes the move from pleasing ", "in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . ", "cause massive cardiac arrest ", "maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity ", "is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . ", "forgettable ", "cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots ", "a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb ", "exhilarating , ", "less-compelling ", "its easily dismissive ", "* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space ", "everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . ", "is n't much to it ", "a fanciful motion picture ", "an enjoyable above average summer diversion . ", "humanizing ", "the lines work ", "the power of the huston performance ", ", it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . ", "definitive , if disingenuous , feature ", "messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd ", "wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . ", "inside unnecessary films ", "... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . ", "in other words , about as bad a film ", "an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' . ", "innocent and ", "a sparkling newcomer ", "feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ", "the thousands of americans who die hideously ", ", it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . ", "it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . ", "lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating ", "an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving ", "imaginative ", "has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie ", "detract from the affection of that moral favorite ", ", save your disgust and your indifference ", "jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . ", "the paper-thin characterizations ", "'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . ", "slightly flawed ", "sit through crap like this ", "carrying more emotional baggage than batman ", "ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . ", "to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence ", "arresting little ride ", "herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion ", "can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . ", "is that it 's far too sentimental . ", "is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days ", "for kids , spirit ", "enjoyable big movie ", "superb ", "this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . ", "you were thinking someone made off with your wallet ", "i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed ", "it was n't horrible either ", "superb ", "damning and damned compelling . ", "laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and ", "is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' ", "regret , love , duty and friendship ", "a beautiful paean to a time long past . ", ", in itself , is extraordinary . ", "to call the film ` refreshing ", "presented with universal appeal ", "been astronomically bad ", "'s as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . ", "is the best star trek movie in a long time ", "pleased ", ", the film works as well as it does because of the performances . ", "rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing ", "both deserve better . ", "ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving ", "showing honest emotions . ", ", one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . ", "worthy of the gong . ", "elaborate and twisted characters ", "the sweet , melancholy spell ", "'re in for a painful ride . ", "inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor ", "kids ", "raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . ", "the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan ", "a bit on the skinny side ", "( lee ) treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . ", "time and art ", "but undernourished and plodding . ", ", intelligent ", "does n't disappoint ", "irresistibly uncanny ambience ", "convinced ", ", super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . ", "( orlando jones ) ", "an engaging storyline ", "received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen ", "is n't funny ", "tender and heart-wrenching ", "to a few rather than dozens ", "'s the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream ", "funny feast ", "complaints i might have ", "the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar ", "groan ", "propelled by the acting ", "when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck ", "is too optimistic a title . ", "increasingly disturbed ", "some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "artificiality ", "dated and unfunny ", "most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme ", "there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but ", "then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... ", "spiteful idiots ", "its sheer dynamism is infectious . ", "unforgivingly inconsistent ", "be invented to describe exactly how bad it is ", "a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and ", "marinated in clich\u00e9s and mawkish dialogue ", "exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . ", "solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . ", "tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident ", "anthropomorphic ", "it 's an effort to watch this movie , ", "ambitiously naturalistic ", "brings us another masterpiece ", "wrenching performances ", "always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "that the movie has virtually nothing to show ", "they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas ", "a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier ", "it 's a very sincere work ", "three-hour cinema master class . ", "the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . ", "felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend ", "expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . ", "too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly ", "prescribed ", "every suspenseful clich\u00e9 ", "it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and ", "knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers ", "of genres that just does n't work ", "virtually impossible ", "put away the guitar , sell the amp , and ", "bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . ", "laughing at ' variety ", "this is even better than the fellowship . ", "as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design ", "no reason for being ", "pander to our basest desires ", "been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon ", "intelligently ", "refreshingly , ", "effective ", "wimps ", "90-minute postmodern voyage ", "a fresh infusion ", "jagjit ", "just dreadful ", "as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . ", "it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions ", "compliment ", "class bores ", "drowned out ", "captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience ", "you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' ", "fast-moving and ", "( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful ", "the extensive use of stock footage ", "are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times ", "is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . ", "at times it 's simply baffling ", "more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice ", "great story ", "of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story ", "with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . ", "the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . ", "belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . ", "one of french cinema 's master craftsmen ", "tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge ", "can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "much humor ", "prove diverting enough ", "confident filmmaking and ", "'s a lyrical endeavor . ", "a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it ", "adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ", "the bad guys ", "the national lampoon film franchise , ", "'s a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . ", "... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . ", "candid ", "to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation ", "wise ", "babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ", "farts , boobs ", "may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . ", "dull , lifeless , and irritating ", "( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ", "blasphemous bad ", "however ", "inhabit that special annex of hell ", "loosely connected characters and ", "this delightful comedy ", "good idea ", "insanely violent and very graphic ", "demonstrate their acting ` chops ' ", "a clich\u00e9d and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying ", "is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly ", "unbearable when it is n't merely offensive ", "cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , ", "neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap ", "jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style ", "engrossing melodrama ", "with a sensitivity ", "the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ", "is simply too overdone . ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . ", "huge sacrifice ", "even better than the fellowship ", "a low-budget series on a uhf channel ", "is an interesting movie ! '' ", "one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . ", "confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . ", "its charms ", "visual delight ", "its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda . ", "add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff ", "... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . ", "just might turn on many people to opera , in general ", "it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . ", "brisk delight ", "otherwise appalling ", "subtle , humorous , illuminating study ", "you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "emphasizes the well-wrought story and ", "than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "comedy genre ", "feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community ", ", it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' ", "it worth checking out at theaters ", "stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it ", "that were once amusing ", "adrift , bentley and hudson ", "have no idea what in creation is going on ", "at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and ", "city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . ", "folds under its own thinness . ", "small but rewarding ", "there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . ", "wewannour money back , actually . ", "there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... ", "'s still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror ", "nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", "written by somebody else ", "a native american ", "i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . ", "think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british ", "wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : ", "rare in the depiction of young women in film ", "a dashing and absorbing ", "a class by itself ", "since the thrills pop up frequently ", "i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one ", "consistent emotional conviction ", "is n't heated ", "if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film . ", "yarns ever ", "soderbergh 's best films , ", "a loss ", "obnoxious title character ", "that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort ", "the story goes nowhere ", "the crassness of this reactionary thriller ", "fang-baring lullaby ", "a major waste ", "find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) ", "effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . ", "in a bad-movie way ", "wondrous ", "overcome blah characters ", "an unsuccessful attempt at a movie ", "knee-jerk misogyny ", "beautiful food entr\u00e9e ", "amusing , ", "'s barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "playful iranian parable ", "revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "a glossy rehash ", "made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", ", then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . ", "soulless hunk ", "seem heroic deserves a look . ", "boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect ", "for sick and demented humor simply ", "its true-to-life characters , ", "that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . ", "grating ", "find compelling ", "the kind of ` laugh therapy ' ", "become one of our best actors ", "is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving ", "current innovators ", "a bad , bad , bad movie ", "that comes through all too painfully in the execution ", "in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience ", "premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings ", "this girl ", "is omitted nor a clich\u00e9 left unsaid . ", "there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ", ", soar . ", "we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , ", "too little excitement and ", "gives the story some soul ", "made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", "you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on ", "the lovable-loser protagonist ", "can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . ", "this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped ", "spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and ", "... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . ", "these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and ", "the plot holes ", "a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . ", "faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original ", "some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares ", ", it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . ", "such a worthless film ", "the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . ", "wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and ", "an epic rather than ", "just the right tone ", "snide ", "great , has solid acting and a neat premise ", "there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message ", "lacks aspirations of social upheaval ", "credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson ", "the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs ", "norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ", "get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "a poor fit ", "make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat ", "on no level whatsoever for me ", "cinematic ", "appealing veneer ", "keeps throwing fastballs ", "are funny ", "may have expected to record with their mini dv ", "re-fried ", "respectable new one ", "farts , urine , ", "this ludicrous film ", "which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' ", "evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain ", "compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction ", "'s also disappointing to a certain degree ", ", it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . ", "goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan ", "it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . ", "that you wo n't care ", "... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . ", "sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half ", "keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . ", "is an uncompromising film . ", "quality ", "take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year . ", "is well told ", "real turns ", "too mushy ", "a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , ", "like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . ", "'s icky . ", "an equally great robin williams performance ", "an elegance and maturity ", "have been kind enough to share it ", "is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role ", "the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . ", "it does cathartic truth telling ", "holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families ", "'s not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break ", "all the dramatic weight ", "to avoid ", "could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . ", "looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way . ", "a giant pile of elephant feces ", "virtually nothing to show ", ", the hot chick is pretty damned funny . ", "lousy tarantino imitations ", "could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron ", "pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities ", "young adult life in urban south korea ", "ambition but no sense of pride or shame ", "will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . ", "powerful look ", "got aids ", "the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and ", "great pleasure ", "directed and convincingly acted . ", "was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . ", "not enough puff ", "sometimes hilarious ) ", "'s as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something ", "exaggerated action ", "and pulp melodrama ", "proves himself a deft pace master and stylist ", "portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety ", "keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films ", "inadequate ", "i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie ", "unifying rhythm ", "hit that may strain adult credibility . ", "throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull ", "maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another ", "sucks you in ", "well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . ", "missed the point ", "cheap junk and ", "the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . ", "an ugly , revolting movie ", "well-done supernatural thriller ", "the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . ", "charged music to the ears of cho 's fans ", "`` un-bear-able '' project ", "rare combination ", "continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio ", "imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , ", "is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot ", "crypt ", "fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels ", "an oscar-worthy performance ", "so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "actually manages to bring something new into the mix ", "foolish choices for advice ", "is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . ", "quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it ", "monumental achievement ", "recognizable and true ", "pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "a compelling coming-of-age drama ", "tight and nasty ", "is a desperate miscalculation ", "sports extravaganza ", "the original was n't a good movie but ", "every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . ", "this exciting new filmmaker ", "this film 's cast is uniformly superb ", "from disappointing ", "essentially ruined -- ", "nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . ", "gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and ", "be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors ", "lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . ", "joyous occasion ", "sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama ", "far more meaningful story ", "huston performance ", "charmless ", "enjoyably over-the-top ", "franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , ", "to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris ", "is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... ", "downer ", "looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through ", "to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams ", "manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation ", "sharper , cleaner ", "a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as ", "new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay ", "there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . ", "and diesel is n't the actor to save it . ", "ransacks ", "is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable ", "mediocrity ", "some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling ", "real bump-in - the-night chills ", "slowed down by a stroke ", ", dark beauty ", "worth a ", "any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve ", "than malle 's dud ", "graceful dual narrative ", "overly long and worshipful bio-doc . ", "'s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance ", "prefer this new version ", "gentle and humane side ", "a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front ", "camaraderie ", "another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix ", "no good inside dope , and ", "what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . ", ", unfunny one ", "emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . ", "the stomach-knotting suspense ", "vaunted empathy ", "the film is all over the place , really . ", "adams just copies ", "issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 ", "the film has a problem ", "what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . ", "delightfully so ", "while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be ", "probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters ", "must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "best war movies ", "cut their losses ", "his ninth decade ", "that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", ", it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . ", "no one in the audience or the film seems to really care ", "more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "a skillful filmmaker ", "of testing boundaries ", "sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "the stuff of lurid melodrama ", "the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . ", "these brats will ever be anything more than losers ", "right stuff ", "sappy script ", "begging for attention ", "you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it . ", "frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . ", "comic slugfest ", "feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . ", "being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing ", "very ugly ", "it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . ", "the funnybone thanks ", "blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance ", "a zippy jazzy score ", "the hardy spirit ", "a jaw-droppingly beautiful work ", "sharp script ", "it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . ", "that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it ", "film legacy ", "each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , ", "what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . ", "seems manufactured to me and artificial ", "resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative ", "lush ", "satisfying well-made ", "lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction ", "as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable ", "making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female ", "a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . ", "this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . ", "is a great yarn ", "klein ", "well-made and satisfying ", "highly uneven ", "creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ", "richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . ", "to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song ", "'s not very good either ", "suited to capture these musicians in full regalia ", "gay porn film ", "is essentially juiceless . ", "'s the very definition of epic adventure ", "'s not a bad premise , just a bad movie . ", "a solid sci-fi thriller ", "'s never dull and always looks good ", "mind-bending ", "favorably ", "her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation ", "like the best 60 minutes ", "sweet , funny , charming , and ", "shrill , simple and soapy . ", "a movie that is n't just offensive ", "that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking ", "to be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "turn out okay ", "wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll ", "gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements ", "as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day ", "a reader 's digest condensed version ", "redeeming feature ", "masochistic moviegoers ", "that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) ", "the ring never lets you off the hook . ", "off-beat and fanciful ", "is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson ", "the strength of their own cleverness ", "a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck ", "intimate feeling ", "that breaks your heart ", "a special kind ", "are still unconcerned about what they ingest ", "a fine job ", "an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia ", "the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . ", "could not stand them ", "sublimely lofty ", "the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy ", "inventive , consistently intelligent and ", "exuberance ", "attraction and interdependence ", "makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured ", "the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth . ", "'s good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . ", ", reflective and beautifully ", "a sentimental mess that never rings true . ", "a wishy-washy melodramatic movie ", "as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ", "the universal themes , earnest performances ", "of the highest and the performances ", "a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and ", "by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . ", "festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you ", "` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' ", "meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . ", "happy hour ", "mysterious , sensual , ", "is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . ", "if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or ", "most impressive ", "wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie ", "clever makeup design ", "popcorn movie fun ", "it does n't give a damn ", "lightweight , uneven action comedy ", "paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , ", "throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ", "screenplay to keep the film entertaining ", "is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art ", "boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . ", "each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but ", "schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm ", "more entertaining , too ", "its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . ", "of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then ", "well-executed spy-thriller . ", "director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . ", "you to accept it as life and go with its flow ", "stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "a courageous scottish lady ", "invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . ", "are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work ", "after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . ", "compassion , good-natured humor ", "fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation ", "a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; ", "than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine ", "is in a class by itself ", "too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots ", "my problem with the movie 's final half hour ", "it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . ", "madonna is one helluva singer . ", "brings them to life ", "a hands-off approach ", "love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . ", "wannabe ", "surprisingly anemic disappointment ", "detective story ", "terrific film ", "orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ", "that the talented cast generally ", "huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes ", "goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so ", "the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away ", "is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . ", "a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . ", "though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled ", "good for this sucker ", "fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . ", "idiocy ", "so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing ", "barely makes it any less entertaining ", "of watching intelligent people making a movie ", "crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . ", "warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages ", "manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience ", "is one of the year 's best films . ", "ugly ", "equally impressive ", "remarkable and ", "been lost in the mail ", "of shakespeare 's better known tragedies ", "that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary ", "something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . ", "an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers ", "real contenders ", "guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves ", "third act miscalculation ", "professional ", "keep you wide awake and ... ", "rubber-face routine ", "that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front ", "fairly ludicrous plot ", "they do in this marvelous film ", "some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid ", "a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script ", "it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . ", "the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and ", "does no justice to the story itself ", "the material ", "are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls ", "fail ", "too heady for children , and too preachy ", "are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . ", "steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches ", "garc\u00eda bernal and talanc\u00f3n are an immensely appealing couple , and ", "this wo n't seem like such a bore ", "comes off as a pale successor . ", "feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen . ", "succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful ", "amours ", "crummy-looking videotape ", "the high standards ", "to laugh at how bad ", "tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is ", "enthralling drama ", "having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "that only seems to care about the bottom line ", "a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller ", "as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; ", "any hollywood fluff ", "never quite ignites . ", "soap opera-ish dialogue ", "with such good humor ", "the wasted potential ", "a fine documentary ", "putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ", "walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ", "which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . ", "if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened ", "clarity and ", "this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything . ", ", flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . ", "'s difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish ", "a bad improvisation exercise ", "this bitter italian comedy ", "powerful acting clinic ", "skillfully assembled ", "will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again ", "while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , ", "barely tolerable slog ", "the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie ", "deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", "with spikes of sly humor ", "is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture ", "entertaining two hours ", "is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out ", ", mayhem and stupidity ", "harsh objectivity and refusal ", "bad film ", "i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... ", "traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed ", "'s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , ", "if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master ", "painless ", "'s hard not to be carried away ", "attracting audiences to unfaithful ", "a must-own ", "for insomnia ", "that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati ", "is more fun than conan the barbarian . ", "is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . ", "with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "you are wet in some places ", "farce ", "their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop ", "if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong ", "has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed ", "quirky characters , odd situations , and ", "under a rock ", "it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "irony-free ", "forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? ", "predictably soulless techno-tripe . ", "emotional edge ", "'ll still be glued to the screen ", "is quite a vision . ", "thrown every suspenseful clich\u00e9 in the book at this nonsensical story ", "dramatic substance ", "miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and ", "a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich ", "provocative and prescient ", "scratch a hole in your head ", "they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . ", "a screenplay to die for ", "i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ", "none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens . ", "it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy ", "is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it ", "ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . ", "little else ", "over-the-top trash ", "is as visceral as a gut punch ", "depressed about anything before watching this film ", "is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? ", "in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears ", "a devastating comic impersonation ", "appreciated a smartly written motion picture ", "only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch ", "although i did n't hate this one ", "smeary and ", "excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton ", "and likeable characters ", "many pointless ", "appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , ", "a mesmerizing one ", "holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often ", "brings together ", "have put together a bold biographical fantasia ", "take as long as you 've paid a matinee price ", "does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ", "see this piece of crap ", "every cliche ", "a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter ", "a sea of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s ", "with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style ", "it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism . ", "up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking ", "told with competence ", "masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad ", "me want to scream ", "cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots ", "is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened ", "music and laughter ", "arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut ", "get it ", "a knockout ", "cheatfully ", "` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . ", "laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "fascinating character study ", "there done that ", "a compelling , gut-clutching piece ", "its script and execution ", "'s funny . ", "the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy ", "can admire ", "'s consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . ", "the saccharine sentimentality ", "of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal ", "but fun ", "scalds like acid ", "pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia ", "is ultimately ", "goodfellas ", "good action , good acting , ", "seven rip-off ", "will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , ", "'s mildly sentimental ", "eye-catching ", "uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated ", "a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection ", "poignant and ", "the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial ", "has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest ", "an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances ", "lasting traces of charlotte 's web ", "is a bowser . ", "in favor ", "they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . ", "the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . ", "lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , ", "an unsettling sight , ", "worth catching ", "difficult ", "be numbing ", "a very depressing movie ", ", satisfying ", ", it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part ", "the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . ", "as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious ", "with restraint and a delicate ambiguity ", "every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ", "of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "elegantly produced and ", "it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . ", "that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . ", "high-spirited buddy movie ", ", hollywood ending is a depressing experience ", ", and rousing ", "lukewarm and quick to pass ", "found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound ", "`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . ", "a wonderful account to work from ", "( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , ", "this surprisingly decent flick ", "fairly enjoyable ", "is smart ", "the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles ", "jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure ", "youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point ", "an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale . ", "think it 's in danger of going wrong ", "crisp storytelling ", "stunning ", "there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again ", "is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year ", "it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . ", "real-life story ", "a haunting ode to humanity ", ", by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care ", "a fresh infusion of creativity ", "a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . ", "crane 's decline ", "be intolerable company ", "illuminates ", "an accessible introduction as well as ", "encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge ", "to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus ", "is worth searching out ", "to sustain laughs ", "poignant comedy ", "with such life-embracing spirit ", "it may not be a great piece of filmmaking ", "sing beautifully and act adequately ", "the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side ", "at the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "is marvelous ", "a-list brit actors ", "be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title ", ", secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . ", "dark pit ", "goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better ", "it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia ", "soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , ", "wit and interesting characters ", "the true impact ", "morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and ", "agile performers ", "a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations ", "the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice ", "struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . ", "should dispel it ", "futile ", "have a great time ", "went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood ", "are actually fascinating ", "talented director as chen kaige ", "carry the movie ", "as beautiful , ", ", slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . ", "it gets old quickly . ", "is solid ", "white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , ", "a bad film ", "is so anemic ", "i realized the harsh reality of my situation ", "a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace ", "unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy ", "we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick ", "the brawn , but not the brains ", "of the week blown up for the big screen ", "lower-wit ", "some unpaid intern ", "uniquely ", "'s about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family ", "an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle ", "the whole mess ", "a no-bull throwback ", "body humor and reinforcement ", "beg the question ` why ", "watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . ", "manipulating our collective fear ", "formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe ", "'s all the stronger because of it ", "be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and ", "devito 's misanthropic vision ", "based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold ", "vacant ", "an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening ", "is well done ", "gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . ", "undoubtedly ", "accept the characters and the film , flaws and all ", "a definitive account ", "a life-affirming message ", "is n't funny . ", "it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . ", "transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and ", "sweetly sexy , funny and touching . ", "as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "ultimately cowardly ", "it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . ", "funnier than anything ", "better person ", "'re in for a painful ride ", "prejudices ", "not only satisfied ", "contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . ", "see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original ", "occasional charms ", "that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation ", "with such sensitivity ", "quiet , decisive moments ", "frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director ", "the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . ", "a faulty premise , ", "to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage ", "musicals back ", "lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings ", "is worth seeking . ", "flaccid ", "presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson ", "with a great premise ", "makes barbershop so likable ", "it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . ", "little room ", "it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists ", "is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . ", "'s a brazenly misguided project ", "more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies ", "with leonine power ", "it is a likable story , told with competence . ", "lots of sloppiness ", "that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating ", "action-packed an experience as a ringside seat ", "appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem ", "retread story ", "gives his best screen ", "strangely schizo cartoon ", "sophisticated film ", "a dull girl , that 's all ", "should be thrown back in the river ", "fun of me ", "a sloppy , amusing comedy ", "all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own ", "'m sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point ", "for everyone ", "as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man ", "even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic ", "it is essentially empty ", "to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . ", ", you 'll cheer . ", "independent-community guiding lights ", "horrible movie ", "the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed ", "neglecting character development ", "so potent ", "of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ", "of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor ", ", this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . ", "submarine movie ", "fascinating part ", "grossly ", "keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity ", "very amusing ", "thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . ", "an incoherent jumble ", "manages to escape the shackles of its own clich\u00e9s to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . ", "aimless story ", "sickly ", "a sharp script and ", "is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ", "refreshing and comical spin ", "the one that i want ", "laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh ", "sparse but oddly compelling ", "will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals ", "is way too stagy ", "thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film ", "leave fans clamoring for another ride ", "an all-time low ", "bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults ", "a film with a great premise but only a great premise . ", "an oddly winning portrayal ", "sedate ", "helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats ", "it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . ", "although purportedly a study in modern alienation ", "steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece ", "sick character ", "respectable ", "fake documentary ", "ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . ", "unbridled delight ", "-- and not in a good way ", "comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case ", "graceless and devoid ", ", like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows ", "dominant ", "friendly kick ", "mind ugly ", "a substantive movie ", ", the film is deadly dull ", "an awfully good , achingly human picture . ", "proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . ", "a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics ", "is at 22 a powerful young actor . ", "this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . ", "the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . ", "is somewhat problematic ", "summer-camp talent show ", "non-stop funny feast ", "men with guns ", "'s best served cold ", "self-flagellation ", "moving experience ", "symbolic ", "be really awful ", "family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ", "entertaining and informative documentary ", "-- and it is n't that funny . ", "was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . ", "sweet and memorable film . ", "at how clever it 's being ", "true and historically significant ", "comes across as a fairly weak retooling ", "it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . ", "polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . ", "a very funny , heartwarming film ", "illogical ", "to be released in imax format ", "stuffy and pretentious ", "sleek ", "that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care "], "label": [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0]}
{"sentence": ["comes alive ", "its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches ", "balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . ", "at its best ", "created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . ", "menace ", "the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug ", "a sophisticated flower child 's ", "while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . ", "macabre ", "watch these two together again ", "the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice ", "diverges from anything ", "how thoroughly unrewarding all of this ", "is in need of a scented bath . ", "a penetrating , potent exploration ", "faltering half-step ", "becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion ", "the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . ", "in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings ", "she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ", "amusing characters ", "in increasingly incoherent fashion ", "has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements ", "certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department ", "quite possibly the sturdiest example yet ", "right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong ", "an impressive hybrid . ", "a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , ", "'s remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre ", "when she should be building suspense ", "lame screenplay ", "... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . ", "of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "hugely imaginative and successful casting ", "master class . ", "exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . ", "a funny film . ", "watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain ", "an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the ", "dying and ", "poor quality ", "timely than its director could ever have dreamed ", "eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss ", "a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation ", "as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ", "funny and touching ", "the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments ", "is predictable at every turn ", "'ve completely ", "romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . ", "of the smartest ", "a fine , ", "lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense ", "this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . ", "equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . ", "will talk about for hours ", "come to care about the main characters ", "professional film ", "corrupt and hedonistic weasels ", "adrift in various new york city locations ", "eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life ", "campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . ", "stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . ", "politically audacious ", "sly , intricate magic ", "'s one of the worst of the entire franchise ", "handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . ", "it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' ", "reassuring , retro uplifter . ", "no chemistry or engaging charisma ", "the strain of its plot contrivances and ", "the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", ", this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... ", "grow boring ... ", "a story for more than four minutes ", "japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... ", "well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie ", "ripe recipe , inspiring ", "novels to the big screen ", "are worse ", "nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - ", "engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often ", ", mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . ", "name-calling ", "more evil than ever ", "'s no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer ", "limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly ", "'s easy to like ", "simple but absorbing ", "we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but ", "since beauty and the beast ", "this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . ", "much tongue in cheek in the film ", "had a lot of problems with this movie ", "dim-witted and lazy ", "graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . ", "humane and important ", "gorgeously strange movie ", "this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . ", "salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . ", "the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery ", "observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "lame romantic comedy ", "were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man ", "plotting ", "the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life ", "of all ages ", "it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance ", "two-bit potboiler . ", "rollicking adventure ", "a changing world ", "finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . ", "... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . ", "is fluid and quick ", "take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year ", "ill-conceived and expensive ", "a poem of art , music and metaphor ", "is n't as funny ", "of virtuosic set pieces ", "something rare and riveting ", "rousing , ", "ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints ", "television screen ", "gutter ", "mistaken-identity ", "is n't really one of resources ", "that the final product is a ghost ", "can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . ", "hide new secretions ", "brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal ", "are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time ", "lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . ", "worn-out material ", "thought-provoking ", "fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . ", "light-hearted profile ", "seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little ", "clever ", "'s relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions ", "someone going through the motions ", "generous , inspiring ", "makes all the difference . ", ", soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . ", "the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision ", "fabulously ", "gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . ", "wonderfully sprawling ", "the buoyant energy level ", "so striking ", "the peculiar american style of justice ", "a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . ", "target practice ", "it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . ", "is doa . ", "is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . ", "may scream low budget ", "90-minute , four-star movie ", "us plenty of sturm ", "hell ", "seasonal holiday kids ", "intimate , unguarded moments ", "it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing ", "-- sadly -- ", "of sensitive observation ", "wiseman is patient ", "weird and distanced ", "insurance company office ", "nothing funny ", "loses what made you love it ", "refreshing visit ", "teeny-bopper set ", "the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor ", "though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . ", "understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal ", "occasionally fun ", "lost their movie mojo ", "is a comedy , both gentle and biting ", "is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . ", "merely crassly flamboyant ", "ultimately lifeless ", "the genuine ones barely register ", "down the reality drain ", "could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? ", "volatile ", "old-fashioned but emotionally stirring ", "loyal ", ", empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . ", "a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . ", "strong and confident work ", "ultra-cheesy ", "an enthusiastic audience ", "it was at least funny ", "there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , ", "caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty ", "should serve detention ", "carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . ", "giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective ", "exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest ", "see a better thriller this year ", "the feel of a fanciful motion picture ", "successful example ", "friendship , love , and ", "nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful ", "combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction ", "makes it to the boiling point ", "deception ", "the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective ", "you want the story to go on and on ", "( sometimes hilarious ) ", "brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . ", "help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact ", "too-conscientious adaptation ", "the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis ", "roiling ", "formula family tearjerker ", "like ` ", "surrealist ", "of outrageous force and craven concealment ", "in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react ", "'s pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men ", ", the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . ", "of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking ", "get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ", "it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly ", "not one clever line of dialogue ", "of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year ", "though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . ", "gunfight ", "cold ", "overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ", "change tables ", "come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free ", ": land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . ", "the whole enterprise ", "has no idea of it is serious ", "been told and retold ", "playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer ", "that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy ", "the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances ", "won -- and wins still ", "is off his game ", "that shows what great cinema can really do ", "a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions ", "ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' ", "'' has-been ", "crawl up your own *** in embarrassment ", "between passion and pretence ", "might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ", "'ll end up moved ", "dark , intelligent warning cry ", "wow . ", "a fascinating character ", "other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- ", "a remarkably cohesive whole ", "that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "of patch adams quietly freaking out ", "designed to fill time ", "when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year ", ", they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . ", "the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound ", "the ensemble cast ", "brilliantly ", ", ` swept away ' sinks . ", "makes its point too well ", "rush ", "spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but ", "jeunet ", "hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "rough ", "as any hollywood fluff ", "this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . ", "the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental ", "( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . ", "a moving story of determination and the human spirit ", "splash without the jokes ", "inauthentic at its core ", "-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "you feel like a chump ", "no chemistry ", "will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic ", "creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries ", "ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with . ", ", e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . ", "far more demanding than it needs to be ", "hour-and-a-half-long commercial ", "you never know where changing lanes is going to take you ", "'re looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining ", "overused cocktail ", "are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy ", "ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true ", "nominated for an oscar ", "will linger long after this film has ended ", "a rock-solid gangster movie ", "overly familiar ", "with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's ", "between dumb fun and just plain dumb ", "b\u00e9art and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . ", "ca n't stand ", "rotting ", "with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation ", ", funny and beautifully ", "is that there is never any question of how things will turn out ", "so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways ", "ensemble cast romances recently ", "what makes it worth the trip to the theater ", "is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it ", "shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "lousy way ", "bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival ", "wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential ", "we want the funk - and this movie 's got it . ", "humorless , self-conscious art drivel , ", "for what we can get on television for free ", "a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . ", "by its own pretentious self-examination ", "going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "it is n't that funny ", "mothers , ", "has some nice twists but the ending ", "more precious than perspicacious ", "brilliantly constructed work . ", "is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way ", "the interior lives of the characters in his film ", "until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations ", "from the incongruous but chemically ", "one of our best actors ", "considered a funny little film ", "much worse than bland or better than inconsequential ", "on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy ", "exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , ", "at 18 or 80 ", "adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . ", "its promising cast of characters ", "journalistically dubious , ", "it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time ", "trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , ", "because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience ", "ultimately comes off as a pale successor . ", "ebullient tunisian film ", "merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way ", ", it runs for 170 ", "the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies ", "been slimed in the name of high art ", "ultimate scorsese film ", "it succeeds ", "was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... ", "just a waste ", "sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening ", "intoxicating documentary ", "badly made on every level ", "find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish ", "the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece ", "does n't really know or care about the characters ", "he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy ", "the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name . ", "gross romanticization ", "an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out ", "the stars ", "estranged gay and lesbian children ", "a man in pain ", "tear your eyes away from the images ", "of pre-9 / 11 new york and ", "never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks ", "some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma ", "all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another ", "borrowed images ", "fine acting moments ", "a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather ", "accomplished work ", "thrill ", "one of its strengths ", "of education ", "'s touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor ", "10-course banquet ", "such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema ", "the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . ", "classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ", "formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff ", "see over and over again ", "a collage of clich\u00e9s and a dim echo of allusions to other films . ", "this was lazy but enjoyable ", "stinks ", "'s nowhere near as exciting as either ", "of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen ", "warped ", "in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "with impressive results ", "is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ", "boredom to the point ", "ends up sounding like satire ", "it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever ", "it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . ", "thoroughly satisfying ", "this equally derisive clunker ", "sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both ", "still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . ", ", vibrant introduction ", "the director 's many dodges and turns ", "entertaining and , ultimately , ", "this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history ", "begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot ", "i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . ", "important , original talent ", "could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was ", "fans will undoubtedly enjoy it ", "forced drama in this wildly uneven movie ", "it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though ", "it is a whole lot of fun and ", "by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters ", "and mawkish dialogue ", "just did n't care ", "as fresh ", "saves it ... and makes it ", "the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . ", "the entire cast is extraordinarily good . ", "this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot ", "as bad as you think , and ", "into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion ", "artsy and often pointless ", "mishmash . ", "find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter ", "just seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . ", "off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . ", "powerful success ", "breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks ", "assured , vital and well wrought ", "most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors ", "writing , skewed characters ", "wewannour money ", "seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and ", "torture and self-mutilation ", "catapulting the artist ", "satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "on the santa clause 2 ", "a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . ", "the best of them ", "a more balanced or fair portrayal ", "can easily worm its way into your heart . ", ", this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . ", "ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah ", "one word that best describes this film : honest ", "to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia ", "plucks ", "'s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . ", "some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care ", "call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . ", "as lazy ", "a wonderful subject ", "has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope ", "this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists ", "should appeal to women ", "with heart ", "that interweaves individual stories ", "falls victim ", "have a tendency to slip into hokum ", "so hideously and clumsily ", "little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and ", "falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . ", "there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys . ", "are so generic ", "really funny movie ", "blame eddie murphy ", "even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . ", "it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film ", "has moments of inspired humor , ", "is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . ", "two hours better watching ", "a complete shambles ", "what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . ", "a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame ", "is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "uneven action comedy ", "creepy-scary thriller ", "seriousness and quality ", "lazy but enjoyable ", "stereotypical familial quandaries ", "strike a chord ", "wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . ", "cheesy backdrops ", "burnt-out ", "black-and-white and unrealistic . ", "crisp , unaffected style ", "to give it a marginal thumbs up ", "mishandled ", "the unexplainable pain ", "the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . ", "a clever pseudo-bio ", "tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . ", "made me feel unclean ", "fiercely clever and subtle ", "as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats ", "aggressively anti-erotic ", "the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate ", "subtle and richly internalized performance ", "the deliberate , tiresome ugliness ", "other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor ", "the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective . ", "'re merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination ", "the most consistently funny of the austin powers films ", "she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy ", "i have a new favorite musical -- ", "french cinema at its best ", "honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama ", "a delightful lark for history buffs ", "is sadly heightened by current world events ", "should be used to burn every print of the film ", "it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started . ", "the simpering soundtrack and editing ", "under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "but it 's great cinematic polemic ", "untalented artistes ", "cleverest ", "having so much fun ", "give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise ", "hate it ", "this intricately structured and well-realized drama ", "are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief ", "very tasteful rock ", "he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . ", "miracles ", "and immature provocations ", "life-affirming moments ", "the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . ", "watch and -- especially -- to listen to ", "lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute ", "is sadly ", "anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all ", "a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past ", "because it made him feel powerful ", "lively songs for deft punctuation ", "flatter ", "the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", "far too cliched ", "the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . ", "make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series ", "the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication ", "goldie hawn ", "that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "is predictable at every turn . ", "bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid ", "punitive minutes ", "with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . ", "so rich with period minutiae ", "evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "is as generic as its title . ", "slash-fest ", "i wanted more . ", "reality tv obsession ", "making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work ", "that verges on the amateurish ", "do you ", "funny look ", "unassuming ", "have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", "mean ", "than bad ", "of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie ", "( a ) stale retread of the '53 original . ", "popular gulzar and jagjit singh ", "viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle ", "crap ", "frenetic , funny , even punny 6 ", ", here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . ", "gorgeous and ", ", this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . ", "that holds up well after two decades ", "is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "effective ", "happy ! ", "it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way ", "although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . ", "mean-spirited and ", "bad love ", "tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump ", "the most pitiful directing ", "are worthwhile . ", "is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults ", "in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . ", "a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother ", "sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ", "bittersweet ", "is hell . ", "its best moments ", "that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ", "` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . ", "the movie is in a class by itself ", "and self-conscious seams ", "believability was n't one of the film 's virtues . ", "stooping to gooeyness ", "high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery ", "be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play ", "intelligent movie ", "a timid , soggy near miss ", "is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . ", "`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . ", "genuine ", "immensely ambitious , ", "eclipses ", "is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "a funny yet dark and ", "visual virtues ", "the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional . ", "almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer ", "that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' ", "of the great minds of our times ", "have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . ", "this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario ", "enjoyable choice ", "will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! ", "again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent ", "mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports ", "being stupid ", "there are laughs aplenty , and ", "is almost entirely witless and inane , ", "'s that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor ", "a few nice twists in a standard plot and ", "like time fillers between surf shots ", "a fresh , entertaining comedy that ", "misdemeanor ", "romantic and serenely ", "there is a real subject here ", "take us on his sentimental journey of the heart ", "mourns her tragedies in private ", "nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career ", "appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness ", "where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical ", "one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . ", "takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and ", "avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , ", "reserved but existential ", "a visual treat for all audiences ", "very well-acted ", "when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "a coherent rhythm ", "a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had ", "is meaningful or memorable ", "a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system ", "a remote shelf ", "glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit ", "those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . ", "reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , ", "a touching love story ", "for no apparent reason except ", "what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "are bad ", "turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most ", "meaty ", "her childlike smile ", "the ordeal of sitting through it ", "intense and effective film ", "you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion ", "that upends nearly every clich\u00e9 ", "dazzling dream ", "the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks ", "needless ", "twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , ", "loose , unaccountable direction ", "juicy writer ", "triumph ' ", "feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic ", "is hard to tell who is chasing who or why ", "the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin ", "ayatollah ", "it 'll only put you to sleep . ", "is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . ", "will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective ", "that , in itself , is extraordinary . ", "bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . ", "the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . ", "a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "of last summer 's bloated effects ", "a critical and commercial disaster ", "with a lower i.q. than when i had entered ", "the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few ", "a first-rate cast ", "are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script ", "what to make of this italian freakshow ", "the trip there is a great deal of fun . ", "the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all ", "the poor and the dispossessed ", "damn funny stuff ", "spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . ", "is still a cinematic touchstone . ", "pleasures ", "crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy ", "mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . ", "brutal mid ", "thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy ", "'s also disappointing to a certain degree . ", "collapses ", "a very lively dream ", "powerful performance ", "always entertaining , and smartly written ", "the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live ", "am baffled by jason x. ", "lacks balance ... ", "it also rocks . ", "of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts ", "nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . ", "a little bit of romance and a dose ", "depth or complexity ", "horribly wrong ", "good guy ", "nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . ", "the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . ", "and for many of us , that 's good enough . ", "should give `` scratch '' a second look . ", "as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow ", "it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ", "find love in the most unlikely place ", "from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche ", "affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror ", "its total promise ", "introducing an intriguing and alluring premise ", "it 's simply unbearable ", "witty , wistful new film ", "good and ", "feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective ", "to sit through it again ", "it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and ", "is very difficult ", "a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- ", "such an achievement ", "dynamic ", "a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy ", "witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) ", "now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . ", "is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture ", "into too many pointless situations ", "terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most ", "whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . ", "so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it ", "in its characterizations ", "becomes increasingly implausible as it races ", "on both sides it falls short ", "it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . ", "a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery ", "like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party . ", "deep-seated , emotional ", "fifth beer-soaked film ", "that are more silly than scary ", "substantive ", "at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered ", "the waste ", "under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women ", ", hole-ridden plotting ", "there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . ", "unlikeable people ", "a wonderful , ghastly film . ", "the film falters ", "sorrowfully ", "painful improbability ", "does the thoroughly formulaic film ", "winning performances ", "- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff ", "the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing ", "a work of extraordinary journalism , ", "the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . ", "spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful . ", "one of the worst films of 2002 ", "can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work ", "narrative arc ", "elegantly ", "a romantic comedy plotline ", "chilling movie ", "tremendous promise ", "as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . ", "wishy-washy ", "want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate ", "it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , ", "i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but ", "his excellent cast ", "flaws igby ", "drags ", "his latest effort , ", "dismally dull sci-fi comedy ", "it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . ", "-- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . ", "its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . ", "ending surprise ", "i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . ", "supremely good natured ", "forgive its mean-spirited second half ", "everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art ", "see this turd squashed ", "too dry and too placid ", "a beautifully observed character piece . ", "at its cluelessness ", "the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . ", "overacted ", "emotionally devastating ", "is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was ", "embarrassment . ", "great for the kids ", "a solid cast ", "songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . ", "touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport ", "so not-at-all-good ", "so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . ", ", it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . ", "these two literary figures , and even the times ", "austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . ", "it looks good , ", "based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , ", "is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? ", "just offbeat ", "hardly a film that comes along every day . ", "attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . ", "dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . ", "has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting ", "a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that ", "glossy hollywood ", ", self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "whimsicality , narrative discipline and ", "the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . ", "with minimal imagination ", "one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . ", "films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature ", "with pitifully few real laughs ", "in a way that verges on the amateurish ", "a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer ", "of cookie-cutter action scenes ", "showing honest emotions ", "to remarkable performances ", "is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . ", "word ` dog ' ", "this gentle , mesmerizing portrait ", "the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) ", "two-day old porridge ", "bitter and less mature ", "seem to match the power of their surroundings . ", "is seriously compromised by that ", "has a feel for the character at all stages of her life ", "kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull ", "achieves ultimate insignificance ", "here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , ", "too silly to take seriously . ", "both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in ", "grade-grubbers ", "dark little morality tale ", "the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . ", "for the kids ", "be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "any country ", "consistent embracing humanity ", "its emotional power and moments of revelation ", "breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality ", ", the movie is better than you might think . ", "change the channel ", "there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent . ", "strange it is , but delightfully so . ", "enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne ", "manner and flamboyant style ", ", it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy ", "a consummate actor ", "the sheer ugliness of everything else ", "drops the ball too many times ", "an endless trailer ", "an inconclusive ending ", "allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced ", "perfect material ", "in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . ", "( tsai 's ) masterpiece ", "a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ", "as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries ", "a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth ", "exploitative garbage ", "trust laughs ", "ploddingly sociological commentary ", "the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film ", "nudity , profanity and violence ", "but there 's plenty to offend everyone ... ", "it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . ", "first mistake ", "to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins ", "this odd , poetic road movie , ", "it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . ", "make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson ", "ideally ", "may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless ", "a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire ", "undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama ", "what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling ", ", it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message ", "nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , ", "give you enough to feel good about ", "friendship , love ", "have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . ", "a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit ", "tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art ", "'s also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year ", "a dreary , humorless soap opera ", "real and amusing ", "make it an above-average thriller ", "be a one-trick pony ", "the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient ", "the dull effects ", "maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back ", "blank yearning ", "an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . ", "for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . ", "there is no foundation for it ", "subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . ", "a twist ", "shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ", "despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ", "a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking ", "a dungpile ", "expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash ", "impeccable throughout ", "been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks ", "parental units ", "times uncommonly moving ", "i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful ", "'s not a great monster movie . ", "that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out ", "astonishingly pivotal role ", "in the dullest kiddie flicks ", "created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point ", "make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow ", "oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor ", "loses its overall sense of mystery and ", "choppy ending ", ", she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . ", ", interestingly told film . ", "frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance . ", "the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . ", "gently humorous ", "the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness ", "if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences ", "listless and desultory affair ", "amusing and unsettling ", "daring as john ritter 's glory days ", "the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , ", "though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . ", "mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . ", "simple , poignant and leavened with humor ", "paints an absurdly simplistic picture ", "a wonderfully speculative character ", "are often a stitch ", "squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . ", "all the stronger because of it ", "is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . ", "like a tarantino movie with heart ", "god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ", "valuable messages ", "it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . ", ", there is n't much to it . ", "the dreadfulness ", "falling short as a whole ", "disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer ", "sub-formulaic ", "it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest ", "an engaging , ", "doomed ", "is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "a bit exploitative but also nicely done ", "the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode ", "astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . ", "this unexpectedly moving meditation ", "have a passion for the material ", "an entertainment destination for the general public ", "full-bodied characterizations ", "this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... ", "worth a peek ", "film buffs ", "accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough ", ", elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . ", "it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it . ", "all-powerful ", "that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as ", "captivating as the rowdy participants think it is ", "shaking your head all the way to the credits ", "of unsettling atmospherics ", "a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish ", "waters it down , ", "forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? ", "'d be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) ", "soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , ", "as intelligent ", "druggy and self-indulgent , ", "shines on all the characters , ", "a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama ", "stirs us as well . ", "not smart ", "above-average brains ", "that rare animal ", "grounded ", "the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . ", "return to never land is reliable ", "fun or energy ", "subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph ", "trying to be other films ", "soars above the material realm ", "cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you ", "should get a pink slip ", "patriotic ", "is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . ", "is effective if you stick with it ", "it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . ", "like a glossy rehash ", "fascinating , compelling story ", "like all four of the lead actors a lot ", "children ", "based ", "get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins ", "of the acting breed ", ", sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ", "unfocused and tediously exasperating ", "if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout ", "that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome ", "new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief ", "in modern alienation ", "b.s. one another ", "incredibly captivating ", "are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", "a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . ", "one terrific story with lots of laughs ", "trademark grin ", "wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers ", "lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features ", ", director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . ", "morton deserves an oscar nomination . ", "rather special ", "into a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did ", "paper-thin characterizations ", "its courageousness , and comedic employment ", "wildly fascinating ", "its floating narrative ", "wo n't still be tapping ", "muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through ", "of one of the best films ", "of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain ", "almost in a class with that of wilde ", "world-renowned ", "a thoughtful examination ", "touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable ", "very sluggish pace ", "for the fine star performances ", "the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance ", "engaging offbeat touches ", ", your senses are as mushy as peas ", "good action , ", "the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' ", "trailer trash cinema ", "to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play ", "wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing ", "no solace here , no entertainment value , ", "a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . ", "bodacious ", "( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) ", "is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . ", "has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past ", "come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy ", "the greatest films ", "it is more than merely a holocaust movie ", "( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ... ", "marvelously ", "city by the sea would slip under the waves . ", "contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin ", "millions of eager fans ", "of the grieving process ", "the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . ", "best animated ", "be as naturally charming as it needs to be ", "a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships ", "screen presence ", "a look ", "punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot ", "comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . ", "among the best films of the year . ", "as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points ", "high-concept sci fi adventures ", "looks like a drag queen ", "that miss ", "to convince us of that all on their own ", "it 's just a kids ' flick ", "how lame ", "are often engaging ", "smug self-satisfaction ", "combined with the misconceived final 5 ", "award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens ", "gasp ", "expect from movies ", "uninteresting , unlikeable people ", "to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget ", "descends into such message-mongering moralism ", "worth a look as a curiosity . ", "catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ", "an eye-boggling blend ", "the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . ", "back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present ", "'s equally distasteful ", "a few zingers aside ", "bad filmmaking ", "evolved from star to superstar some time ", "( creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . ", "a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth ", "content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", "most beautiful , evocative ", "whose sharp intellect ", "its sparkling beauty ", "your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california ", "for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty ", "too crude to serve the work especially well ", "a powerful and telling story ", "muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters ", "the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . ", "by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances ", "nicely ", "like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless ", "romp of a film . ", "making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative ", "to see a romance this smart ", "each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point ", "lagging ", "the importance of being earnest ", "have developed some taste ", "handsome ", "it has a genuine dramatic impact ", "terribly episodic and ", "shock-you-into-laughter ", "a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team ", "it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , ", "with slow pacing ", "the ridiculous dialog or ", "welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . ", "an honest attempt to get at something ", "of having been slimed in the name of high art ", "nicely ", "due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . ", "'s a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale ", "it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate ", "a strength ", "the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . ", "a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ", "tanks ", "biggest husband-and-wife disaster ", "'s so tedious ", "no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised ", "is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film ", "emotionally stirring ", "the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal ", "terrifying angst ", "earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . ", "a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "a pretentious and ultimately empty examination ", "( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ", "like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . ", "wannabe comedy ", "good , sonny ", "a such a brainless flibbertigibbet ", "true inspiration ", "is without intent . ", "be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike ", "funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , ", "formal settings with motionless characters ", "weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title ", "of smart jokes ", "more depressing than entertaining ", "horrors ! ) ", "heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind ", "land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place ", "a tap-dancing rhino ", "a cartoon ? ", "a very tasteful rock and ", "there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but ", "with a sharp script and strong performances ", "insightfully written ", "is a distinct rarity , and an event ", "sorriest ", "the gifted pearce ", "gave me no reason to care ", "has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ", "appeals ", "unable ", "some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , ", "a buoyant , expressive flow of images ", "journalistically dubious , inept ", "dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum ", "escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars ", "entertaining movie ", "the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "is a whole lot of fun ", "terrific performances , great to look at , and funny ", "as darkly funny ", "polished , well-structured film ", "in on the resourceful amnesiac ", "abandon the theater ", "keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . ", "of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "humorous and ", "smug and convoluted action-comedy that ", "scuzzy underbelly ", "a movie ever could be ", "includes one of the strangest ", "a lovely trifle ", "ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . ", "bilked ", "far more impact ", "a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "better characters , ", "hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... ", "it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . ", "superficial midlife crisis ", ", xxx is a blast of adrenalin , ", "romantic comedy ", "koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . ", "a more mythic level ", ", but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . ", "signature style ", "but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . ", "those prone to indignation need not apply ", "bean drops the ball too many times ... ", "is n't that funny ", "you feel alive - which is what they did ", "all awkward , static , ", "authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment ", "that 's pure entertainment ", "entirely witless ", "grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . ", "as imaginative as one might have hoped ", "labute continues to improve . ", "marvelous first 101 minutes ", "if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia ", ", sometimes beautiful adaptation ", "about whose fate it is hard to care ", "seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame ", "reality drain ", "simple , sweet and romantic ", "that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it ", "rejected must have been astronomically bad ", "broomfield dresses it up ", "could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . ", "a quirky , off-beat project ", "exuberance and passion ", "complete wash ", "worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia . ", "warmth to go around , with music and laughter ", "( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair ", "twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style ", "looks genuinely pretty . ", "a welcome relief ", "terror ", "of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "its own preciousness ", "is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . ", "max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... ", "the cast is spot on and ", "berlin ", "keep parents away ", "the end of the world ", "is almost an afterthought ", "'re in luck ", "the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . ", "fabulous ", "jolly ", "the edge ", "warmth and ", "and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . ", "the guru who helped ", "is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought ", "silly and monotonous ", "will probably find it fascinating ", "fresh-faced ", "because there 's no rooting interest ", "might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about ", "is a mess . ", "a four star performance ", "has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream ", "what kind of sewage ", "redundant concept ", "inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry ", "of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film ", "sit through -- despite some first-rate performances ", "is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . ", "worst way ", "a solidly entertaining and moving family drama ", "ultimately the story compels ", "it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . ", "well-deserved ", "the film is competent ", "significantly better ", "dialogue , 30 seconds of plot ", "won my heart ", "sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ", "a niche hit ", "your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute ", "this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair ", "what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate . ", "jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery ", "is often way off ", "valuable ", "buzz , blab and money ", "a good video game movie ", "wannabe-hip ", "is often preachy and poorly acted ", ", singing , and unforgettable characters ", "ca n't miss it . ", "it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but ", "be as bored ", "tired , unnecessary ", "the rotting underbelly of middle america ", "not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . ", "offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology ", "of determination and the human spirit ", "does such a good job of it ", "fabulous ", "is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september ", "that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people ", "high-concept films ", "benefits ", "freedom to feel contradictory things ", "it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . ", "'ll cry for your money back . ", "forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already ", "visual charm ", "romantic thriller ", "going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together ", "a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ", "collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy ", "that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california ", "i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . ", "the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film ", "each one of these people stand out ", "too much exploitation and too little ", ", the director 's experiment is a successful one . ", "dishonest and ", "the rock on a wal-mart budget ", "about which you can actually feel good ", "in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "the vital action sequences ", "best-known creation ", "undercuts its charm ", "the scorpion king more than ably ", "is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness ", "a bold biographical fantasia ", "the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . ", "if good-hearted ", "thoughtful , emotional movie experience ", "sweet , charming tale ", "enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- ", "silly -- and gross -- ", "every moment crackles with tension , ", "a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack ", "i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . ", "made it all work ", "recommend snow dogs ", "the brutality ", "a superb performance ", "a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades ", "lonely ", "faithful portraiture ", "jumps around ", "good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone ", "so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws ", "stunning fusion ", "a respectable summer blockbuster ", "in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama ", "elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect ", "an essentially awkward version ", "only a genius ", "is still quite good-natured ", "an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers ", "endearing and ", "a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . ", "positive ", "it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . ", "most repugnant adaptation ", "place and personal identity ", "resolutely downbeat ", "tends to plod ", "shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . ", "unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form ", "a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people ", "suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ", "hmmm ", "the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . ", "the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards ", "recommended ", "'s a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived ", "emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen ", "'s hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread ", "need , neurosis and nervy ", "is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid ", "unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it ", "'m left slightly disappointed that it did n't ", "is nothing less than a provocative piece of work ", "takes a look at 5 alternative housing options ", "miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes ", "there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . ", "overtly silly ", "will find millions of eager fans ", "with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery ", "that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating ", "the confusing sexual messages ", "is never able to pull it back on course . ", "waiting for frida to just die already ", "efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . ", "the sum ", "'s all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect ", "bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . ", "murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed ", "clever ways ", "washington has a sure hand . ", "that gets under your skin ", "make a gorgeous pair ", "the precious trappings ", "clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long ", "we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . ", "is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll ", "a sturdiness and solidity ", "make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . ", "a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession ", "i usually dread encountering the most ", "auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . ", "good action , good acting , good dialogue , ", "anteing up some movie star charisma ", "offers winning performances and some effecting moments . ", "her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled ", "with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue ", "that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "is conversational bordering on confessional ", "wonderful , ghastly film ", "nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper ", "surprisingly touching ", "a shiver-inducing ", "is first-rate , especially sorvino . ", "recommend it for its originality ", "lumbering load ", "if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' ", "damned in queen of the damned ", "pummel us with phony imagery or music ", "a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special ", "genuinely enthusiastic performances ", "on subtle ironies and visual devices ", "is very believable ", "suspenseful spin ", "a chance to learn , to grow , to travel ", "without ever being self-important ", "enigmatic features ", "many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times ", "... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . ", "fascinating literary mystery story ", "with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner ", "please eastwood 's loyal fans ", "one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and ", "is entirely appealing as pumpkin ", "lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and ", "as tiresome as 9 seconds ", "transcend its clever concept ", "its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant ", "harsh ", "a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . ", "cluelessness ", "memorable zingers ", "alive and ", "the collaborative process ", "vividly ", "it is nearly impossible to look at or understand ", "director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . ", "sure to win viewers ' hearts ", "nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . ", "is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt ", "brings to a spectacular completion one ", "dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song ", "ode to tackling life 's wonderment ", "story is almost an afterthought ", "would tax einstein 's brain ", "the obvious cliches ", ", then you 're in for a painful ride . ", "glaring and unforgettable ", "that grips and holds you in rapt attention from ", ", spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . ", "touched ", "some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge ", "a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him ", "it does so without compromising that complexity . ", "her feature film ", "a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen ", "has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff ", ", this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . ", "by sparking debate and encouraging thought ", "with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves ", "own solemn insights ", "anarchist maxim ", "takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women ", "is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters ", "an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . ", "the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy ", "heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible ", "promising cast ", "brooding and slow ", "'m convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking ", "what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . ", "that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . ", "cinematic intoxication ", "the characters are based on stock clich\u00e9s ", ", film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . ", "the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time ", "open windows ", "a sharp satire ", "a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction ", "only thing missing ", "its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity ", "impart a message ", "is all too predictable and far too cliched ", "the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . ", "them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world ", "some futile concoction ", "at such a furiously funny pace ", "interesting technical ", "has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience ", "verging on mumbo-jumbo ", "watchable stuff ", "( a ) crushing disappointment ", "a picture-perfect beach ", "more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "enhanced ", "dull and ", "a great and a terrible story ", "for people who like their romances to have that french realism ", "proves itself a more streamlined ", "absolutely refreshed ", "to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "was so endlessly , grotesquely ", "disconcertingly ", "enormously entertaining ", "solid acting and a neat premise ", "more down-home flavor ", "have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "distractions ", "the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . ", "useless actioners ", "pompous references ", "like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through ", "well-rounded ", "an interesting exercise ", "of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . ", "race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout ", "is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album ", "instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way ", "that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album ", "spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . ", "complex , unpredictable character ", "a glorified sitcom ", "fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing ", "of jaglom 's own profession ", "independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood ", ", robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . ", "'ll be white-knuckled and unable to look away ", "convincing one ", "a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . ", "in formal settings with motionless characters ", "badly edited ", "early work ", "until the final act ", "would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "a meatier deeper beginning ", "tells this very compelling tale ", "its many out-sized , ", "commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute ", "throw smoochy from the train ! ", "musical number ", "a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions ", "its soul ", "love and compassion ", "filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car ", "for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound ", "uncommitted ", "'ve got something pretty damn close ", "being neither ", "centers ", "more mature than fatal attraction , ", "drowned me in boredom ", "it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s ", "a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . ", "gross ", "mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as ", "a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse ", "plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air ", "precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . ", "unpretentious ", "are pure hollywood ", "that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself ", "although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants ", "throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "the saturday morning cartoons ", "their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ", "timeless spectacle ", ", you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . ", "it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . ", "imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one ", "touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths ", "... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . ", "to his people ", "sensuous and ", "for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks ", "'s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . ", "so-five-minutes-ago pop music ", "often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy ", "( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction ", "though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here ", "wild ride '' ", "is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . ", "an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work ", "executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , ", "see this terrific film ", "make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "ultimately empty examination ", "funny performers ", "its decrepit freaks ", "worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames ", "worked wonders with the material ", "as graceful ", "a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising ", "witless ", "added depth and resonance ", "a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de ", "poignant and wryly amusing film ", "a laughable -- or rather ", "very humble ", "than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level ", "the movie 's success ", "derivative horror film ", "a suspenseful spin ", "decent performance ", "replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks ", "several scenes of this tacky nonsense ", "the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial . ", "gripping documentary ", "a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . ", "the broiling sun ", "a sheer unbridled delight in the way ", "intriguing and downright intoxicating . ", "cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . ", "more simply intrusive ", "'s a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) ", "lighter ", "as tryingly as the title ", "best story ", "is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution ", "the widowmaker is a great yarn ", "take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters ", "narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power ", "scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . ", "the better video-game-based flicks , ", "filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", "is a great film ", "plodding soap opera ", "sometimes almost senseless ", "as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds . ", "watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . ", "... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . ", "eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good . ", "been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "put hairs on your chest ", "creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees ", "a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony . ", "bad ", "unholy mess ", "unbalanced ", "of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "unspeakably , unbearably dull ", ", changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . ", ", sweet , and intermittently hilarious ", "if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade ", "terrific ", "break ", "a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama ", "actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . ", "has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone ", "who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor ", "it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . ", "gives his best screen performance ", "uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . ", "recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ", "underlines even the dullest tangents ", "as their natural instinct for self-preservation ", "the dimming ", "mediocre movie ", "lagaan ", "drag it down to mediocrity ", "an engrossing entertainment ", "is more than a movie . ", "time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , ", "always entertaining , ", "well-meant but ", "the solid filmmaking and convincing characters ", "satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation ", "my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . ", "it 's fun , but it 's a real howler ", "kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . ", "anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts ", "is good , except its timing ", "found its audience , ", "a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life ", "offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment ", "talents ", "fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere ", "that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and ", "the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i ", "deep , uncompromising ", "only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be ", "you 'll forget about it by monday , though , ", "a performance that is masterly ", "the murder ", "crude to serve the work especially well ", "like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend ", "emerges as another key contribution ", "a retail clerk ", "tepid and choppy recycling ", "for self-deprecating comedy ", "is wondrously creative . ", "hackery ", "to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . ", "two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . ", "is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction ", "minor film ", "a slam-bang extravaganza ", "you still have to see this ! ", "pretty damned wonderful ", "with revulsion ", "in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried . ", "dumb and cheesy ", "cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments ", "i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . ", "the cheesiest ", "you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson ", ", the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . ", "... a solid , well-formed satire . ", "realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion ", "conceited pap ", "stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe ", "well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look . ", "ca n't help but feel ` stoked ", "allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc ", "hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking ", "fairy-tale conclusion ", "in an irresistible junior-high way , ", "an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . ", "to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative ", "do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . ", "a film school undergrad ", "true talent ", "fascinating connections ", "terrible events ", "a '' range ", "the class warfare ", "heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear ", "seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ", "potentially interesting idea ", "worth a recommendation ", "is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot ", "possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen ", "an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . ", "genuinely inspirational ", "except it 's much ", "convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . ", "much panache ", "a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller ", "well-thought stunts or ", "explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens ", "miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , ", "with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera ", "more charming than in about a boy ", "would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ", "plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . ", "beautifully shot , but ", "if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "could fail to crack a smile at ", "esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard ", "if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . ", "touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot ", "had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ", "a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence ", "no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same ", "to burn every print of the film ", "mind crappy movies as much as adults , ", "malarkey ", "overladen ", "fascinating curiosity piece ", "like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ", "yeah ", "several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie ", "approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . ", "him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "intelligent jazz-playing exterminator ", "seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . ", "will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . ", "an excuse ", "`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . ", "most frightening ", "gets full mileage out ", "incoherence and sub-sophomoric ", "boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ", "he allows nothing to get in the way ", "it ranks with the best of herzog 's works ", "this little $ 1.8 million charmer , ", "of the jokes , most at women 's expense ", "that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances ", "horrid little propaganda film ", "fat , dumb ", ", twisted , brilliant and macabre ", "the film with a creepy and dead-on performance ", "unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . ", "( `` laissez-passer '' ) ", "flamboyant style ", "a so-called ` comedy ' ", "a young boy ", "absurd finale ", "that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients ", "said , except : film overboard ! ", "are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . ", "this story to go but down ", "'s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . ", "the dispassionate gantz brothers ", ", colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . ", "there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . ", "is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . ", "the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery ", "intriguing and alluring ", "a bunch of strung-together tv episodes ", "although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming ", "'s meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy ", "the mediocre end of the pool ", "really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions ", "if you go , pack your knitting needles . ", "sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story ", "is disappointingly generic . ", "is a visual treat for all audiences . ", "that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears ", "being exciting ", "anyone who suffers through this film ", "joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to ", "impressive results ", "screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation ", "formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement ", "much colorful ", "simple and precise ", "rock solid family fun out of the gates ", "like . ", "boring , pretentious muddle ", "is an inspirational love story ", "'s a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . ", "little visible talent ", "is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . ", "aimlessly ", "grade-school audience ", "who can out-bad-act the other ", ", oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly ", "being a complete waste of time ", "rather thin moral ", "the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and ", "shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' ", "inventive cinematic tricks and ", "turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need ", "the characters are paper thin and ", "cool visual backmasking ) ", "an entertaining and informative documentary ", "attract and sustain an older crowd ", "dies ", "leonine power ", "'s a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clich\u00e9s ", "the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . ", "( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . ", "'s sharply comic and surprisingly touching , ", "disjointed , ", "an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller ", "are not at all entertaining ", "is as predictable as the tides . ", "the most watchable film ", "the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special ", "holds up well after two decades ", "makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . ", ", promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . ", "bore most audiences ", "there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . ", "hilariously raunchy as south park ", "that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies ", "everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill ", "that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "contemporary southern adolescence ", "a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . ", "unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does . ", "rip-roaring comedy action ", "otherwise comic narrative ", "pompous and garbled . ", "though flawed ", "like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel ", "humor ", "sink into melancholia ", "sweet , funny , ", "mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances ", "predictable and ", "can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody ", "the subject matter is as adult as you can get ", "'re often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject ", "marvelously ", "realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty ", "'s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . ", "one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , ", "an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view ", "it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ", "back-stabbing , inter-racial desire ", "'s still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . ", "is just such an achievement ", "the horrors ", "with imbecilic mafia ", "zero-dimensional , unlikable characters ", "less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself ", "are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "that rare movie ", "tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . ", "a bit cold and relatively flavorless ", "dreaming up romantic comedies ", "of theater history ", "looking and stylish ", "is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time ", "is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film ", "time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . ", "that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog ", "it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and ", "ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film ", "your ego ", "heartwarmingly ", "greatest star wattage ", "so well ", "gets under your skin and , some plot blips ", "an ideal ", "have been the ultimate imax trip ", "torn book jacket ", "fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . ", "so larger than life ", "is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just ", "plenty to enjoy ", "dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem ", "move over bond ", "will be lulled into a coma . ", "gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences ", "will enjoy themselves . ", "makes this film special ", "jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- ", "a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition ", "playful spark ", "out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life ", "that memorable ", "seems timely and important . ", "the best , most ", "earnest movie ", "floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity ", "writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . ", "completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure ", "chilling and heart-warming ", "hollywood movie ", "of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates ", "passion , creativity , and fearlessness ", "think this movie loves women at all ", "between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . ", "noble teacher ", "a faulty premise ", "reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . ", "a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why ", "that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm ", "coming-of-age portrait ", ", it drags ", "daft by half ... but ", "no way original , ", "a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless ", "much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . ", "something of a triumph ", "of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels ", "better script ", "moments of promise ", "lustrous polished visuals ", "the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ", "smarter ", "are both superb , ", "are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack ", ", it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun ", "disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or ", "downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message ", "the most complex , generous and subversive artworks ", "consumed and forgotten ", "a lackluster script and substandard performances ", "less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably ", "a lot more ", "a comic book with soul ", "fascinating and playful ", "a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . ", "more streamlined ", "takes chances that are bold by studio standards ", "some movies suck you in despite their flaws , ", "while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . ", "piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . ", "it aspires ", "deep vein ", "make it as much fun ", "deeply pessimistic or ", "good pace ", "in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care ", "though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . ", "i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ", "ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time ", "essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty . ", "on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "so devoid of pleasure or sensuality ", "concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "only so much baked cardboard i need to chew ", ", like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . ", "it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "is stiff or just plain bad ", "a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood ", "perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ", "is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . ", ", kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . ", "the execution ", "the film seems as deflated as he does ", "serene ", "best describes this film : honest ", "stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time ", "to add the magic that made it all work ", "thanks to remarkable performances ", "it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . ", "stylish psychological ", "not only better ", "watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix ", "even at its worst , it 's not half-bad . ", "a brilliant college student -- ", "otherwise appalling , and ", "friday after next spreads them pretty thin ", "'s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "extremely bad . ", "all hollywood fantasies ", "its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . ", "stylish cast ", "object to the idea of a vietnam picture ", "good yarn ", "that a feel-good movie can still show real heart ", "a winning piece of work ", "read my lips ", "answered ", "resourceful ", "embellished by editing ", "that is as difficult for the audience to take as it ", "the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . ", "maelstrom is strange and compelling , ", "is a hoot , and ", "`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... ", "that has something to say ", "inert sci-fi action thriller ", "of the grief ", "it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "give you ", "poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines ", "roman polanski may have been born to make ", "cheery ", "far more enjoyable than its predecessor . ", "witless , ", "it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . ", "a frighteningly fascinating contradiction ", "have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy ", "a movie of riveting power and sadness ", "washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell ", "were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play ", "numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy ", "disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . ", "ready-made midnight movie ", "as history ", "ignore the film ", "there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... ", "its weaknesses ", "this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . ", "the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . ", "with an amateurish screenplay ", "grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . ", "to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon ", "be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films ", "tiresome ugliness ", "is wrong in its sequel ", "fathom ", "none can equal ", "who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful ", "other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . ", "long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken ", "spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods ", "right-thinking ' films ", "embracing ", "an excellent choice ", "parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit ", "might add -- slice of comedic bliss ", "a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions . ", "the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . ", ", resistance and artistic transcendence ", "too harsh ", "hardhearted scrooge ", "the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill ", "wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "grab you ", "of the best inside-show-biz ", "this turd ", "ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , ", "quietly moving ", "beneath the familiar , funny surface ", "populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . ", "deserves a sequel ", "be much funnier than anything ", "impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' ", "executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . ", "equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . ", "the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . ", "funny popcorn ", "refreshing ", ", labute continues to improve . ", "a sentimental mess that never rings true ", "entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . ", "spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods . ", "see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "is difficult to fathom . ", "'s a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout ", "actors in bad bear suits ", "though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . ", "if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . ", "will definitely win some hearts ", "thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy ", "movie-of-the-week ", "missing from it ", "the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance ", "of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship ", "flat as a spoof ", "but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . ", ", with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . ", "few early laughs ", "that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast ", "uniformly superb ", "by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all ", "amazingly ", "followed through ", "to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . ", "gets full mileage ", "an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . ", "of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart ", "confused in death to smoochy ", "for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness ", "would force you to give it a millisecond of thought ", "the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . ", "mixed-up films ", "i like all four of the lead actors a lot ", "manipulative ", "eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . ", "a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable ", "than a ` direct-to-video ' release ", "intermittently wise ", "most brilliant work ", "same sledgehammer appeal ", "i 'm all for that ", "funny , moving ", "feeling embarrassed ", "a sweet , even delectable diversion ", "make a gorgeous pair ... ", "with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary ", "proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . ", "is , more often then ", "is a feast for the eyes . ", "no aspirations ", ", slapdash disaster . ", "its spirit of iconoclastic abandon ", "one of the smartest ", "is a whole lot of nada ", "until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism ", "a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . ", "impressive talent ", "of his reserved but existential poignancy ", "manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it ", "is brilliant , really . ", "its rapid-fire delivery ", "the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . ", "low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off ", "is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' ", "'s refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ", "but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti ", "adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay ", "has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment ", "comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . ", "value whatsoever ", "a little uneven to be the cat 's meow ", "loud , brash and mainly unfunny ", "is one of those films that aims to confuse ", "an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe ", "with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story ", "in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . ", "( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make ", "real situations and characters ", "it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", "star charisma ", "comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ", "storytelling feels slight . ", "take an entirely stale concept and ", "thrills ", "photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . ", "you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy ", "with an astoundingly rich film ", "if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . ", "watching the proverbial paint dry ", "feeble ", "ranks as the most original in years ", "there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . ", "easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ", "are able to accomplish ", "they wo n't much care about ", "if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . ", "'s a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film ", "irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . ", "what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . ", "a divine monument ", "but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera ", "although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage ", "possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "wildly overproduced , ", "problematic ", "some of this laughable dialogue ", "makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . ", "continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . ", "has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . ", "give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , ", "life and love ", "you do n't try to look too deep into the story ", "of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film ", "( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional ", "from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron ", "is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems ", "phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "a lightweight story about matchmaking ", "a study in schoolgirl obsession ", "sweet , melancholy spell ", "with fondness and respect ", "does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . ", "goofy way ", "repellantly out of control ", "reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . ", "sci-fi generic ", "captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty ", "gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , ", "is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay ", "the right film ", "confection that 's pure entertainment . ", "allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", ", deeply unsettling experience ", "sitting open too long ", "has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . ", "a clich\u00e9 left ", "that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults ", "distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register ", "can sound so dull ", "fresh , sometimes funny , and ", "brought to life on the big screen ", "the downward spiral comes to pass ", "undeniably touched ", "proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies ", "while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ", "sumptuous ocean visuals and ", "foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . ", "that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster ", "because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh ", "is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; ", "pleasing at its best moments ", "wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal ", ", straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . ", "the humor is recognizably plympton ", "engaging charisma ", "for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . ", "could hate it for the same reason . ", "superlative ", "truly annoying ", "sometimes improbable ", "fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society ", "of the better video-game-based flicks , ", "drag two-thirds through ", "was better than saving private ryan ", "mugs mercilessly ", "here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . ", "horrible ", "felt trapped and with no obvious escape ", "a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ... ", "its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life ", "has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy ", "grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care ", "an actor this uncharismatically beautiful ", "far more successful ", "favorably compared to das boot ", "it does give exposure to some talented performers ", "an enjoyable film in its own right ", "is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense ", "impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure ", "grisly ", "there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . ", "the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . ", "wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . ", "no clue ", "most repellent things ", "that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure ", "futility ", "is powerful and provocative ", "a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , ", "been more charming than in about a boy ", "'s one of the worst of the entire franchise . ", "you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit ", "fine-looking film ", "so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . ", "mopes ", "more entertaining ", "the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . ", "like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . ", "of overwhelming waste ", "is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . ", "very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . ", "has much to recommend it ", "a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . ", "put together with the preteen boy in mind ", "are sweet and believable ", "with the ferocity of a frozen burrito ", "this poor remake of such a well loved classic ", "make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film ", "to his supple understanding of the role ", "video games are more involving than this mess . ", "think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold ", "an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine ", "not for their acting chops , but for their looks ", "not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , ", "a party worth attending ", "an equally assured narrative coinage ", "of disney 's great past ", "is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . ", "is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) ", "it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . ", "is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative ", "monotone ", "unembarrassing but unmemorable ", "it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , ", "will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . ", "plodding , peevish and gimmicky ", "a spirited film and a must-see ", "glancing vividly back ", "a thin notion ", "the movie is certainly easy to watch . ", "he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause ", "bounces ", "engaging and unpredictable character pieces ", "kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go ", "radiant ", "better than ", "the dullest tangents ", "swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . ", "its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and ", "this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . ", "a decent ` intro ' documentary ", "masterpiece . ", "but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . ", "michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being . ", "not a classic , ", "contains no wit , only labored gags ", "one strike against it ", "embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it ", "a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy ", "frankly , it 's pretty stupid . ", "from cheap-shot mediocrity ", "their hearts in the right place ", "slack and ", "i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "of the insurance actuary ", "a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation ", "light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat ", "exploiting molestation for laughs ", "by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "the stunt work is top-notch ", "a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not ", "the film is well worthwhile . ", "wonderful ", "looking down at your watch and ", "needed so badly but what is virtually absent ", "pleaser ", "working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written ", "rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke ", "the excruciating end of days ", "ravishing ", "has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive ", "even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates ", "vibrant ", "the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness ", "the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. ", "becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . ", "gifted artists ", "linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie ", "puzzle whose pieces do not fit . ", "'s enough to sustain laughs ", "sensitivity and skill ", "touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , ", ", impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . ", "first-rate ", "a century and a half ago ", "the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding ", "all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but ", "hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . ", ", it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence ", "a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", "the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages ", "depressing than entertaining ", "do n't blame eddie murphy but ", "martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . ", "fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious ", "as monstrous ", "'s nowhere near as good as the original ", "would love this . ", "will please eastwood 's loyal fans ", "there 's something there ", "uncomfortable class resentment ", "it goes awry in the final 30 minutes ", "plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 ", "at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ", "funny situations ", "its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places ", "likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . ", "masterful work ", "heady , biting , be-bop ", "hate ", "huge gap ", "control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible ", "predictable plotting and ", "gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' ", "splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . ", "a riot ", "still show virtually no understanding of it ", "crawl up your own *** ", ", its shortness disappoints ", "cinematic razzle-dazzle ", "is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades ", "otherwise dull subjects ", "of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", ", thoughtful , unapologetically raw ", "it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too . ", "i laughed throughout the movie ", "is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . ", "plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world ", "take nothing seriously and ", "often-hilarious farce ", "his cinematic vision ", "that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "made no such thing ", "falls to the floor with a sickening thud . ", "dull effects ", "of purpose or even a plot ", "equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information ", "of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes ", "tries to seem sincere , and just ", "the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery ", "the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ", "such high-profile talent serve such literate material ", "it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality ", "adventure movie ", "and refined piece ", "gratitude ", "all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time ", "has a pleasing way with a metaphor . ", "even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . ", "is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit ", "been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "gritty , sometimes funny ", "inept filmmaking ", "'s better than the phantom menace . ", "so impersonal or ", "something of the ultimate scorsese film ", "poetic symbolism ", "'m convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . ", "amusing sidekicks ", "that is where ararat went astray . ", "this stuck pig of a movie ", "is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . ", "it one of the best war movies ever made ", "warmth and humor ", "if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox ", "sneering humor ", "it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . ", "have been lost in the translation ", "con ", "the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . ", "is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema ", "girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . ", "classified as a movie-industry satire ", "some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , ", "it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . ", "so believable that you feel what they feel ", "a movie full of grace ", "the film 's highlight ", "walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . ", "that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ", "an absolute delight for all audiences ", "graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , ", "rattling the viewer ", "is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . ", "schiffer ", "historically significant , and personal ", "reef ", "wonderfully warm ", "adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying ", "hardest ", "can only be described as sci-fi generic . ", "endlessly superficial . ", "it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and ", "good things to offer ", "cutting-edge ", "it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , ", "as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "real magic , perhaps ", "'s a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "privileged moments and ", "unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't . ", "thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening ", "adaptation is intricately constructed ", "at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life ", "is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . ", "'s the inimitable diaz ", "a sense of mystery ", "are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis ", ", 91-minute trailer ", "real heroism and abject suffering ", "the third feels limited by its short running time ", "the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists ", ", a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , ", "does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue ", "'s a hellish ", "gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . ", "shakespeare ", "guarantee that no wise men will be following after it ", "know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "that delivers a surprising ", "there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . ", "road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . ", "vile , incoherent ", "loose , poorly structured film ", "steamy ", "to be something really good ", "had some success with documentaries ", "prepackaged ", "is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . ", "wild-and-woolly ", "a tasty performance ", "esoteric ", "for a great film noir ", "is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life ", "appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about ", "his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery ", "likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes ", "it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , ", "more grueling and ", "turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy ", "his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses ", "their idol 's energy and passion ", "a disaster of a story , ", "straight-to-video movie ", "leaves a lot to be desired . ", "is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is ", "poorly dubbed ", "hastily dubbed ", "turbulent self-discovery ", "an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind ", "moves between heartbreak and rebellion ", "takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel ", "the message is too blatant ", "a compelling argument about death ", "affluence ", "is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort ", "actually thrilled ", "that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability ", "of hackery ", "poignant and uplifting ", "for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears ", "to our dismay ", "the depths ", "puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously ", "the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . ", "some truly excellent sequences ", "no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle ", "very well-meaning ", "precocious ", "without cheesy fun factor . ", "a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff ", "is of the darkest variety ", "a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . ", "failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ", "city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . ", "hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire ", "that jackie chan is getting older ", "beauty or humor ", "ingenuity ", "the russian word for wow !? ' ", "the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself ", "dead bodies ", "who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil ", "'s a compelling and horrifying story ", "great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . ", "could n't ", "find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie ", "is repeated at least four times . ", "self-centered ", "the superior plotline ", "that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "heartbreak ", "profoundly moving documentary ", "dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated ", "a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain ", "sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait ", "by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . ", "an artistry ", "into that annoying specimen of humanity ", "'s rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films ", "unforced naturalism ", "crafted a deceptively casual ode ", "modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare ", "likely to see all year ", "have an interest in the characters you see ", "tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . ", "every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians ", "playfully profound ... and ", "why this project was undertaken ", "seems to remain an unchanged dullard ", "get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "a fantastic dual performance ", ", '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' ", "immature provocations ", "as epic tragedy ", ", with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly ", "very welcome ", "it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . ", "if that 's not too glorified a term ", "is a film in which the talent is undeniable ", "foul-mouthed ", "'s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible ", "finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . ", "exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor ", "this piece of crap ", "troubled and determined homicide cop ", "` hip ' ", "laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . ", "equilibrium becomes a concept doofus ", "issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . ", "unlikable ", "i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . ", "most alive ", "from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . ", "good performances and ", "big mistake . ", "of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story ", "the visual wit ", "written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors ", "trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' ", "a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off ", "fails to keep it up and settles into clich\u00e9s ", "does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films ", "a flawed but engrossing thriller ", "little time ", "a movie-of-the-week tearjerker ", ", howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . ", "will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- ", "the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . ", "ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? ", "of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year ", "you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) . ", "undeniable entertainment value ", "conceptually brilliant ", "screwball ideas ", "some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ", "a story worth caring about ", "this turgid fable ", "viva le resistance ", "a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . ", "worth watching ", "takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . ", "truly in love with a girl ", "besotted and obvious drama ", "damaged ", "all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ", "very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut ", "director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "for easy , seductive pacing ", "lightweight filmmaking ", "is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . ", "that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling ", "to fruition in her sophomore effort ", "pulpy ", "there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer ", "swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus ", "this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story ", "`` unfilmable '' novels ", "alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . ", "involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "as in the songs translate well to film ", "'s not scary in the slightest ", "a welcome relief ", ", the film shatters you in waves . ", "its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups ", "keen insights ", "you have the patience for it ", "plotless ", "if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . ", "the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . ", "disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and ", "the rich and sudden wisdom , the film ", "one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible ", "yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie ", "so dull ", "the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . ", "'s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started ", "appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ", "ignorant ", "it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun ", "living harmoniously ", "phenomenal band ", "serious and thoughtful ", "pinheads who talk throughout the show ", "has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . ", "amazing finesse ", "howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , ", "by weaving a theme throughout this funny film ", "coolness ", "sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , ", "knows how a daily grind can kill love ", "it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years ", "of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls ", "with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone ", "vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale ", ", the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . ", "the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals ", ", by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . ", "the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . ", "moody male hustler ", "the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "this is a movie you can trust . ", "innocence and idealism ", "rotten ", "the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense . ", "with a searing lead performance ", "a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye ", "is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny ", "idiotic ", "is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well ", ", really stupid ", "'s a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth ", "satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . ", "more colorful , more playful tone ", "eloquence ", "an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the ch\u00e2teau is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . ", "as boring and as obvious ", "never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . ", "les ", "bland but harmless . ", "between the fantastic and the believable ", "combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller ", "illuminated ", "( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality ", "less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and ", "of the current political climate ", "into a mundane '70s disaster flick ", "all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ", "after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . ", "sad to say ", "the threat implied in the title pok\u00e9mon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . ", "you 're a struggling nobody ", "it is worth searching out . ", "never cuts corners . ", "the journey does n't really go anywhere . ", "warm , moving ", "hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . ", "an intriguing what-if premise ", "ararat far more demanding than it needs to be ", "odoriferous thing ", "as artificial and soulless ", "waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . ", "it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten ", "a bored cage ", "a clever script and ", "if you liked the previous movies in the series ", "to care about ", "a heavy stench ", "the hackneyed story ", "that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company ", "the year 's greatest adventure , ", "a great deal of fun ", "stop buying tickets ", "'ve seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ", "a hilarious ode ", "knows , and very likely ", "true pleasure . ", "routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ", "funniest and most accurate ", "a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . ", "awkwardly paced ", "feel realistic . ", "'s actually sort of amazing ", "excellent job ", "heartfelt and hilarious ", "with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations ", "the thrown-together feel ", "might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . ", "this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love ", "never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad ", "not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . ", "'s something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . ", "endorses ", "jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away ", "natural affability ", "are canny and spiced with irony . ", "the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks ", "the year 's greatest adventure , and ", "it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- ", "star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life ", "a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast ", "hawaiian setting ", "any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body ", "despite the efforts of a first-rate cast ", "so muddled , repetitive and ragged ", "del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . ", "a major-league leading lady ", "of the startling intimacy ", "miserable and ", "survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller ", "; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend ", "of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay ", "see something that did n't talk down to them ", "the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . ", "loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "re-invents himself ", "what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . ", "of carnage ", "more than adequately fills the eyes and ", "had no trouble sitting for blade ii . ", "disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves ", "constantly touching , surprisingly funny ", "proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep ", "knucklehead swill ", "does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half ", "developed characters ", "a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions ", "` how can you charge money for this ? ' ", "comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . ", "this all works out ", "this time , the hype is quieter , and ", "'s the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth ", "annoying rather than charming ", "a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . ", "trudge out ", "lax ", "the characters never change . ", "offbeat sensibilities ", "'s also not very good . ", "deeply out of place ", "i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close . ", "that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead ", "vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny ", "makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but ", "probing or penetrating ", "no lika da accents so good ", "blazingly ", "into a few evocative images and striking character traits ", "are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk ", "trouble ", "run-of-the-filth gangster flicks ", "hear george orwell turning over ", "dragged on ", "teeth-clenching ", "the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable ", "one that should be thrown back in the river ", "it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . ", "-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- ", "with a sure and measured hand ", "offended by his lack of faith in his audience ", "could have been crisper and punchier , ", "... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . ", "figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , ", "both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable ", "a conventional but heartwarming tale ", "showdown ", ", that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . ", "am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display ", ", dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . ", "like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and ", "deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) ", "as visually bland ", "a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i ", "its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ", "its drastic iconography ", "is so prolonged and boring ", "in grand passion ", "satisfy the boom-bam crowd ", "to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "moulin rouge ", "some very good comedic songs , strong finish ", "clever and funny ", "loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . ", "argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door ", "are many tense scenes in trapped ", "happy ending ", "it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming ", "real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even ", "of predictable narrative rhythms ", "can render it anything but laughable . ", "notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness ", "most oddly honest ", "deeply biased , and ", "dramatic ", "it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "of kitsch hard going ", "shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable ", "quiet , confident craftsmanship ", "where human nature should be ingratiating ", "done way too often ", "it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . ", "at least a few good ideas and ", "rather than provocative ", "how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too ", "is still very much worth ", "warped logic ", "could force you to scratch a hole in your head . ", "headline-fresh thriller ", "a wildly inventive mixture ", "i certainly was n't feeling any of it ", "genuinely bone-chilling tale ", "well-behaved film ", "this silly little puddle of a movie ", "spent elsewhere ", "the most ordinary and obvious fashion ", "unappealing ", "this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . ", "small gem ", "does n't put you off ", "is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows ", "as simultaneously funny , offbeat ", "this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes ", "funny with the material ", "put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals ", "saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo ", "is one of those all-star reunions ", "filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . ", "of a certain ambition ", "the cheap ", "the cleverest ", "you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . ", "achingly enthralling premise ", "absurdities and inconsistencies ", "mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and ", "`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff ", "might be best forgotten ", "the expressive power ", "as sexy ", "presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' ", "'s a clarity of purpose and even-handedness ", "magnificent jackie chan ", "suspense , ", ", the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . ", "to crack a smile at ", "a must-see ", "a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . ", "since the evil dead ", "yet another visit ", "a loud , ugly , irritating movie ", "a cold blanket ", "overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal ", "a breadth of vision and ", "bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera ", "so intimate and sensual and funny ", "an ugly , revolting movie . ", "wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . ", "big-hearted ", "hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ", ", natural acting ", "ridiculous bolero ", "is a masterfully ", "it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here ", "none of them are ever any good ", "a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart ", "only self-aware neurotics engage in ", "the love of family ", "more bizarre than ", "both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . ", "a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore ", "sophisticated and surprising ", "so appealing about the characters ", "infinitely wittier version ", "shallow . ", "that attracts the young and fit ", "beyond-lame ", "an average b-movie ", "be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story ", "too bad ", "the story has its redundancies , and ", "filling ", "... quite endearing . ", ", overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other ", "a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre ", "dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate ", "nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin ", "own style ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game ", "a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement ", "a crowd-pleaser ", "the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ", "by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure ", "is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick ", "an underachiever , ", "weary ", "gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo ", "an acidic all-male all about eve ", "death and mind-numbing indifference ", "shame ", "weirdly beautiful ", "save their children ", "dumbness ", "the less charitable might describe as a castrated ", "' and ` realistic ' ", "seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . ", "bad direction ", "comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be ", "a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or ", "represents glossy hollywood at its laziest ", "powerful , inflammatory film ", "be even worse than its title ", "exercise in style and mystification . ", "feel a nagging sense of deja vu ", "the forest ", "'ve seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before ", "the star-making machinery ", "should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . ", "delivers real bump-in - the-night chills ", "look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . ", "technical flaws to get in the way ", "have a good time with this one too ", "lacks in depth ", "by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching ", "with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises ", "be very sweet ", "perfectly clear ", "laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , ", "'s never too late to believe in your dreams . ", "unintentionally ", "is a must ", "the emperor 's club any time ", "... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . ", "provocative central wedding sequence ", "( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so ", "'re not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned ", "a smart , ", "gay and lesbian children ", "does so without compromising that complexity . ", "but fails to keep it up and settles into clich\u00e9s ", ": celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . ", "a 75-minute sample of puerile ", "tedious ", "a hard time sitting through this one ", "even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his ", "the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet ", "wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films ", "create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** ", "visual merits ", "biologically ", "are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . ", "capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's ", "will leave you wanting to abandon the theater ", "transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "make the film relevant today , ", "comes out on video ", "on an irresistible , languid romanticism ", "all comedy is subversive , ", "a masterful work ", "'s simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat ", "'s so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . ", "this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . ", "at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value ", "wo n't like looking at it ", "not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . ", "of moronic stunts ", "try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , ", "a real howler ", "with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity ", "it could have been something special ", "a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't ", "for a summer of good stuff ", "helped ", "could have been a daytime soap opera ", "takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ", "has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches ", "makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest ", "right questions ", "why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight . ", "the slow parade of human frailty fascinates ", "an attention ", "plenty to impress about e.t. ", "that are damned in queen of the damned ", "a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams ", "suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion ", "stay with the stage versions ", "cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . ", "aimless , arduous , and arbitrary ", "it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ", "you should be able to find better entertainment . ", "'s its first sign of trouble ", "to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "vowing , ", "finding their way to joy ", "for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie . ", "of ` ethnic cleansing ", "continues to improve . ", "plays like a tired tyco ad ", "it is not worth ", "makes up for in heart ", "cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . ", "spider invasion comic chiller ", "'s a dark , gritty story ", "turn on many people ", "a clarity of purpose and even-handedness ", "bring on the sequel ", "the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters ", "if you 're willing to have fun with it ", "look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . ", "pull his head out of his butt ", "it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective ", "with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers ", "celebratory ", "to forget that they are actually movie folk ", "a rehash ", "to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history ", "much of a plunge ", "and narrative strength ", "'s not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . ", "is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever ", "feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ", "off the path of good sense ", "greatly ", "no foundation ", "are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) ", "crap is what i was expecting ", "a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public ", "the goo ", "the mess ", "a great writer and dubious human being ", "the film above anything sandler ", "where it plainly has no business going ", "a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events ", "mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational ", "to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this ", "exaggerated and ", "`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . ", "full advantage ", ", in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , ", "has popped up with more mindless drivel ", "like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic ", "more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . ", "the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe ", "ca n't recommend it enough ", "which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ", "the extraordinarily rich landscape ", "the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache ", "fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ", "koury frighteningly and honestly exposes ", "the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog ", "noble ", "negligible work ", "loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version ", "it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point ", "'re struggling to create . ", "loud and offensive , but more often ", "it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating . ", "that both thrills the eye ", "it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . ", "very best ", "'s an utterly static picture ", "damon/bourne or his predicament ", "feel-good ", "sometimes murky ", "move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel ", "unlikable characters ", "strong themes of familial ties and ", ", often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ", "is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . ", "the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded ", ", there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . ", "as entertainment ", "berling and b\u00e9art ... continue to impress ", "that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ", "best ensemble casts ", "all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . ", "this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen ", "artistically inept ", "a little fleeing of its own ", "that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side ", "a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture ", "dizzy ", "that led to their notorious rise to infamy ", "this year 's very best pictures ", "a sense of action ", "all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance ", "ideas and awkwardness ", "drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s ", "find an enthusiastic audience ", "in full consciousness ", "' should never have been brought out of hibernation ", "riveted to our seats . ", "about identity and alienation ", ", powerful act ", "strong piece of work ", "master craftsmen ", "monsoon wedding ", "funny moment ", "an enthusiastic charm ", "the best movies of the year ", "idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances ", "a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes ", "what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn . ", "manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . ", "insulted ", "a renowned indian film culture ", "of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole ", "makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . ", "bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time ", "crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude ", "that grand a failure ", "i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . ", "do better elsewhere ", "parody . ", "i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . ", ", very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . ", "relentlessly depressing ", ", this movie is hopeless ", "makin ' a fool of himself ", "-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same ", "keeps this pretty watchable ", ", and funny ", "replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . ", "conceptual feat ", "compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . ", "realism , crisp storytelling and ", "the troubling thing about clockstoppers ", "for insights ", "war ", "good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach ", "the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . ", "spicy footnote ", "strays past the two and a half mark ", "a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying ", "i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . ", "a film that are still looking for a common through-line ", ", this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . ", "enough substance ", "extraordinary poignancy ", "an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination ", "finds warmth ", "is both stimulating and demanding ", "proves to be sensational ", "of a travesty of a transvestite comedy ", "narratively complex ", "worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening ", "as a durable part of the movie landscape ", "the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen ", "another boorish movie ", "on badly-rendered cgi effects ", "that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible ", "viewed as pure composition and form -- ", "the devastation of this disease ", "impish divertissement ", "if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging ", "as bad as you think , ", "of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt ", "i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it ", "makes your teeth hurt ", "the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie ", "... pray does n't have a passion for the material . ", "lane and ", "nubile young actors ", "big-hearted and frequently ", "self-deprecating ", "disney scrape ", "but seriously , folks , it does n't work . ", "just does n't make sense ", "bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? ", "you can release your pent up anger ", "'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . ", "become very involved ", "brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life ", "whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile ", "assured and stylish ", ", wit and interesting characters ", "mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo ", "77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . ", "is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "foremost cinematic poet ", "the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor ", "garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating ", "farts ", "the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit ", "my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . ", "necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . ", "seem fresh again ", "will probably be in wedgie heaven . ", "engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 ", "monotonous ", "an endearing cast ", "by superb ", "'s coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ", "that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice ", "once amusing ", "their cheap , b movie way ", "eloquent ( meditation ) on death and ", "it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers ", "a persuasive ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline ", "his difficult , endless work ", "is a pretty decent little documentary ", "contemptible ", "very much like life ", "was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be ", "next to little insight ", "in the media ", "possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . ", "here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time ", "suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production ", "petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... ", "in the mind of the killer ", "a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film ", "wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way ", "it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . ", "her inventive director ", "overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man ", "the cast is top-notch and ", "yawn-provoking ", "an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . ", "the true impact of the day ", "a breath of fresh air ", "than a more measured or polished production ever could ", "infantile , redundant , sloppy ", "if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't ", "is a great deal of fun . ", "adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . ", "is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it . ", "about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", "the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . ", "has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "did not figure out a coherent game ", "the place where a masterpiece should be ", "has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded ", "the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . ", "sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "an oddly fascinating depiction ", "is difficult to fathom ", "two flagrantly fake thunderstorms ", "whose legacy had begun to bronze ", "gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances ", "like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , ", "cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , ", "uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor ", "a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 has been unturned ", ", entertaining comedy ", "for every taste ", "exhilarating , funny and fun ", "feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . ", "a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . ", "as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be ", "complex characters ", "but it 's just too too much ", "only obscure the message ", ", the film never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . ", "sad , sordid universe ", "a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip ", "presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future ", "with a tawdry b-movie scum ", "confusion and ", "subtle and ", "not all that bad of a movie ", ", absurd collection ", "an hour and a half of joyful solo performance ", "of the very best movies ", "to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ", "starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . ", "winking social commentary ", "snow dogs finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him ", "packed with moments out of an alice ", "'ll forget about it by monday , though ", "of one man 's quest to be president ", "tv sitcom material ", "seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days ", "want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment ", "is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . ", "the direction is intelligently accomplished ", "humble , teach and ", "comedy ensemble ", "i was entranced . ", "unnecessary films ", "intermezzo strain ", "helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . ", "an affection for the period ", "absorbs all manner of lame entertainment ", "blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves ", "dreamy ", "drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . ", "good actors , good poetry and good music ", "overrun ", "useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "repetitive and ragged ", "clever and ", "its recycled aspects , implausibility ", "thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films ", "the drama that gives added clout to this doc ", "appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich\u00e9 ", "'s a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . ", "are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . ", "perceptive ", "would n't make trouble every day any better . ", "as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work ", "tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "-- and long -- for its own good ", "soulless ", "at keeping themselves kicking ", "finally seem so impersonal or even shallow ", "the lengths ", "in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis bu\u00f1uel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . ", "explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence ", "high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks ", "a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . ", "is somehow making its way instead to theaters . ", "ensures the film never feels draggy ", "catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . ", "'ve got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "an honest and loving one ", "feel cheated ", "degrading and strangely liberating ", "it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . ", "ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice ", "that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire ", "too shallow for an older one ", "weird ", "makes one thing abundantly clear . ", "is a very funny , heartwarming film . ", "a good documentary ", "captivating new film . ", "affected child acting ", "wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama ", "are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp ", "that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . ", "is impressive ", "used my two hours better watching ", "there 's no fizz ", "has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had ", "breathes more ", "after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults ", "freshness , imagination and insight ", "she can act ", "a brilliant , absurd collection ", "buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "is a big letdown . ", "never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it ", "sick sight ", "sustain a reasonable degree of suspense ", "every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- ", "overmanipulative ", "understatement ", "the unbearable lightness of being ", "bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work ", "unamusing ", "scam ", "liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed ", "nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot ", "is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it ", "felt performances across the board . ", "( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera . ", "squarely fills the screen . ", "reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "symbolic characters ", "rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy ", "trash-cinema ", "the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . ", "because the plot is equally hackneyed ", "crapulence ", "a better celebration ", "video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all ", "but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... ", "a banal spiritual quest ", "romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . ", "those who like quirky , slightly strange french films ", "depressed fifteen-year-old 's ", "of animation enthusiasts of all ages ", "places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective ", "seems to elicit a chuckle ", "whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy ", "laughably ", "aloof and ", "emotionally and spiritually compelling journey ", "of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall ", "fully formed and remarkably assured ", "to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction ", "no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out ", "is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? ", "where the film ultimately fails ", "extended , open-ended poem ", "odd and pixilated ", "of a love affair ", "turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film ", "hipness ", "is a little scattered -- ditsy ", "clear and reliable an authority ", "feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way ", "'s got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . ", "an intoxicating experience . ", "cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end ", "with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt ", "the truly funny bits ", "the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion ", "that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . ", "works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . ", "highly studied ", "seem sure of where it should go ", "perfectly formed ", "is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains ", "loves them ", "a high-spirited buddy movie ", "all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon ", ", festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . ", "manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in ", "energetic and sweetly whimsical ", "there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . ", "the writing is clever and the cast is appealing ", "be as lonely and needy ", "tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . ", "a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . ", "an entertaining british hybrid ", "might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill ", "depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable ", "resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... ", "careless ", "what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks ", "it 's inauthentic at its core ", "crowd pleaser ", "of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors ", "easy , comfortable ", "an incomprehensible ", "escape story ", "be the cat 's meow ", "somewhat problematic ", "'s no fizz ", "glued ", "feel fresh ", "water torture ", "that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . ", "of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form ", "makes little attempt ", "the best 60 minutes ", "for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge ", "there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care ", "easy film ", "filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner ", "paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . ", "spotty script ", ", it 's too long and unfocused . ", "forgettably ", "fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality ", "a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . ", "( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film ", "comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . ", "the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , ", "forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ", "behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . ", "the character 's gripping humanity ", "strong-minded ", "whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "are very expressive ", "` praise the lord ", "an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences . ", "amiable and committed ", "are poorly delivered ", "bland , obnoxious 88-minute ", "'s so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . ", "when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . ", "asset ", "several uninteresting , unlikeable people ", "an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it ", "if it is generally amusing from time to time ", "a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "kicks into gear ", "of love and destiny ", "turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . ", "it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . ", "predictable , manipulative stinker ", "though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . ", "be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something ", "is atrocious ", "flavorful ", "lots of effort and intelligence are on display ", "though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited ", "is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender ", "offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . ", "impressive job ", "it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . ", "fails on its own , ", "boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . ", "do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people ", "that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk ", "less a movie than ) ", "vowing , ` this is going to be something really good ", "searching for its identity ", "in charm ", "there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . ", "this much imagination and nerve ", "dramatized ", "a florid turn ", "'s a cool event for the whole family ", "it 's like a drive-by . ", "is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven ", "as one of the great films about movie love ", "director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . ", "accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . ", "'s apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose ", "begins on a high note and ", "is a commanding screen presence ", "christ ", "'s a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction ", "everyone can enjoy ", "gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . ", "for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ", "is a clear case of preaching to the converted ", "very well-meaning movie , ", "yawner ", "it looks good , but it is essentially empty . ", "have been much better ", "is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . ", "works - mostly due to its superior cast ", "to arrest development in a dead-end existence ", "revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling ", "to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ", "gets vivid performances from her cast and ", "audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying ", "quite a comedy nor ", "well-balanced fashion ", "a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack ", "going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ", "to capture these musicians in full regalia ", "on the brink of major changes ", "reach satisfying conclusions ", "whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . ", ", overmanipulative hollywood practices ", "been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ", "'s a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . ", "schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas ", "the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ", "borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself ", "choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . ' ", "thoughtful and rewarding ", "itself and retreats ", "an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit ", "the lazy material ", "ki-deok ", "the value and respect for the term epic cinema ", "'s thanks to huston 's revelatory performance ", "believed in their small-budget film ", "ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life ", "simple title ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and ", "that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ", "was entranced . ", "is one summer film that satisfies ", "simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "punch and depth ", "work as well as a remarkably faithful one ", "disarmingly ", "made by a proper , middle-aged woman . ", "ai n't art ", "by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . ", "remarkable performance ", "the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . ", "crass , low-wattage ", "tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality ", "emotionally intense ", "a mean-spirited film ", "though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head ", "the spotlight ", "a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with ", "to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "seems suited neither to kids or adults ", "it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , ", "'s not nearly enough that 's right ", "however entertainingly presented , ", "is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . ", "the opulent lushness of every scene ", "action - mechanical . ", "of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy ", "'s easy to like and always leaves us laughing ", "leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . ", "mindless and boring ", "belittle a cinema classic ", "everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . ", "the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . ", "saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops ", "it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film ", "a strong thumbs up ", ", the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . ", "this crude , this fast-paced and this insane ", "and often contradictory ", "'s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix ", "'s just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull ", "gentle , lapping rhythms of this film ", "frightening war scenes ", "unambitious writing ", "not only is it hokey ", ", revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling ", "the growing , moldering pile ", "provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals ", "clich\u00e9d to a fault ", "of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness ", "as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do ", "inspired '' ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and ", "`` terrible ", "who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "quite fun in places ", "perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty ", "gives everyone something ", "it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious ", "is one big , dumb action movie ", "hilarious and ", "with all its botches ", "'s already a joke in the united states . ", "tickles ", "poetry ", "watch these two ", "the most impressive player ", "number 1 ", "'s pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish ", "its originality ", "both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times ", "'s a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "david spade as citizen kane ? ", "perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . ", "run for your lives ", "shadowy ", "the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . ", "never reach satisfying conclusions ", "no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . ", "decides ", "more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating ", "be significantly different ( and better ) than most films ", "offbeat humor , amusing characters , ", "is breathtaking ", "a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn ", "intelligent ", "does a disservice ", "wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . ", "you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter ", "does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is ", "with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "intrigue ", "a stunning film , ", "'re touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport ", "of the theater feeling ", "'s remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . ", "pretty damned funny ", "coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- ", "aimless , arduous , and ", "director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . ", "got the brawn , but not the brains ", "that just does n't have big screen magic ", "her defiance ", "exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace ", "mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . ", "'s worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone ", "was longer than an hour ", "terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ", "'s worth taking the kids to . ", "transcends their predicament ", "uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "daring and verve ", "story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "'s pathetic ", "amusing and unpredictable ", "the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . ", "an uneasy marriage ", "chokes ", "twisted sense ", "be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already ", "is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story ", "sweet treasure and something ", "nourishing aspects ", "hyper-realistic images ", "where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream ", "the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . ", "... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows ", "so stilted and unconvincing ", "make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and ", "run-of-the-mill profanity ", "takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you ", "title performance ", "hate myself ", "too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries . ", "of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar ", "no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) ", "the surface histrionics ", "that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home ", "were worried ", "no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance ", "of a golden book sprung to life ", "take before indigestion sets in ", ", that 's a liability . ", "( b ) ", "keep it from being simpleminded ", "its screwed-up characters ", "creeping into the second half ", "resident ", "engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic ", "the level of marginal competence ", "they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and ", "although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league . ", "must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . ", "can such a cold movie ", "there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . ", "uniquely sensual ", "cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "'s often overwritten , ", "the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . ", "the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career ", "godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating . ", "smart , funny and ", "it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest ", "sweetness and ", "the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . ", "smart ", ", songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . ", "forced funniness ", "the surprisingly shoddy makeup work ", "is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . ", "a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ", "oddly moving ", "suffers because of its many excesses ", "serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool ", "if it were n't silly ", "an affectionate ", "are becoming irritating ", "it is a good and ambitious film ", "a non-mystery mystery . ", "hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . ", ", but slow ", "work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' ", "is an ` action film ' mired in stasis ", "the small screen ", "a generic international version ", "pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . ", "the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids ", "to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "breathtakingly spectacular ", "callow ", "an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations ", "killing its soul ", "with such clarity ", "if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . ", "exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) ", "more confused ", "best screen ", "your entertainment standards ", "as grant 's two best films ", "suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . ", "'s like a drive-by ", "brave and sweetly rendered love story . ", "meandering and confusing . ", "rotten in almost every single facet of production ", "the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists ", "make this worth a peek . ", "it fails ", "here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . ", "for most movies , 84 minutes is short , ", "enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "exquisite craftsmanship ", "the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich\u00e9 . ", "'s a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters ", "witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . ", "'s lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. ", "renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . ", ", but with material this rich it does n't need it ", "have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling ", "with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity ", "green ruins every single scene he 's in , ", "dullness ", "a droll sense ", "'re stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "never so vividly ", "bill morrison 's decasia ", "human darkness ", "slightly less successful than the first ", "could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . ", "the enticing prospect ", "scarily funny , ", "would be a total washout ", "the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence ", "done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age ", "compelling french psychological drama ", "few nice twists ", "anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases ", "imaginative flight ", "inexperienced ", "sword-and-sorcery plot ", "who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema ", "is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn ", "mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . ", "it has fun with the quirks of family life , ", "that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention ", "'s often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion ", ", eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . ", "it gets harder and harder to understand her choices ", "catches dramatic fire ", "the bad reviews ", "the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . ", "'ll have a good time with this one too ", "get you down ", "is a gem . ", "manipulation or corny conventions ", "spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : ", "since freddy got fingered ", "embarrassed ", "the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . ", "nutty , consistently funny . ", "loves its characters and communicates something ", "and unsettling subject matter ", "escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , ", "a good line in charm ", "naturalistic acting ", "mind-destroying ", "be mesmerised ", "gentle ", "restrictive ", "'s a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident ", "releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , ", "the most offensive action ", "enough laughs to sustain interest to the end ", "you have to pay if you want to see it ", "'s a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . ", ", and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ", "provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee ", "blandness ", "for good ", "yet this grating showcase ", "a 20-car pileup ", "every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . ", "high-strung ", "is sappy and amateurish ", "that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it ", "is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . ", "also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl ", "fills time ", "actually pulling it off ", "be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame ", "once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history ", "acknowledges and celebrates ", "the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing ", "some of the computer animation is handsome ", "to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures ", "von sydow ... ", "a huge box-office hit in korea ", "its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work ", "is painfully formulaic and stilted . ", ", has solid acting and a neat premise ", "the cinematic canon ", "'m sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . ", "the tuxedo was n't just bad ; ", "of describing badness ", "been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened ", "is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . ", "of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect ", "knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ", "'s made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "throws you for a loop ", ", it really won my heart ", "fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "'s fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty ", "as one of the great submarine stories ", "too much kid-vid ", "funnier gags ", "the delusions ", "shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . ", "trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . ", "female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor ", "grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made ", "mean-spirited second half ", "brilliant piece ", "the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary ", "we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine ", "squanders as much as it gives out ", "molested ", "to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year ", "an enjoyable experience . ", "unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . ", "make a clear point -- ", "a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue ", "the film 's most improbable feat ? ", "in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . ", "unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . ", "once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film ", "kids = misery ", "a remarkably insightful ", "perfectly pitched ", "as an intense political and psychological thriller ", ", there are great rewards here . ", "it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . ", "into the trap of pretention ", "fest that 'll put hairs on your chest ", "a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . ", "still fun and enjoyable ", "you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied ", "bit of piffle . ", "cartoonish performance ", "orgy ", "of substance about a teacher ", "this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted ", "even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . ", "too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash . ", "likable story ", "was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : ", "wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating ", "bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people ", "bogs down in insignificance , ", "go but down ", "is an extraordinary film , not least ", "'ve completely lowered your entertainment standards ", "squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story ", "the story 's undeniably hard to follow ", "in the annals of cinema ", "provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect ", "exciting plot ", "the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . ", "shoddy product ", "seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ", "bravery ", "the film buzz and whir ", "do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "luckiest ", "provide its thrills and extreme emotions ", "'s no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . ", "storytelling skills ", "spectacularly ", "inane , humorless and under-inspired ", "being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ", "with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at ", "in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . ", "entrapment ", "deliciously ", "hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances ", "horribly depressing ", "this quality band ", "to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine ", "is consistently ", "too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . ", "either 11 times too many or else too few ", "'re out there ! '' ", "after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing ", "would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . ", "how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? ", "woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? ", "reel in when we should be playing out ", "look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role ", "proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that ", "no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . ", "a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide ", "and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . ", "desperate miscalculation ", "has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . ", "a bad movie that happened to good actors . ", "well-written and occasionally challenging social drama ", "the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? ", ", but because of the startling intimacy ", ", it will probably be a talky bore . ", "it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences ", "have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "'s there to scare while we delight in the images ", "enjoyable film ", "that you feel like running out screaming ", "beijing ", "it finds a nice rhythm . ", "stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . ", "of stale gags ", "there 's nothing else happening ", "powerful and telling story ", "easily marketable ", "imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ", "stylish and ", "effecting change and inspiring hope ", "offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded ", "an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling ", "to engross even the most antsy youngsters ", "explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor ", "most audacious , outrageous , ", "clever and cutting ", "heavyweight film ", "portrays their cartoon counterparts well ", "works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh ", "that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride ", "a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters ", "yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't ", "have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . ", "finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise ", "comes along every day ", "'s some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck ", "the performances are amiable and committed , ", "like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge ", "somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler ", "first-timer ", "director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . ", "the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable ", "sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics ", "when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . ", "the evening to end ", "highly uneven and inconsistent ", "of its title character ", "honest emotions ", "any other kind of intelligent humor ", "more mindless ", "most appealing movies ", "mesmerize , astonish and entertain ", "ultra-violent ", "come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone ", "carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh ", "is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . ", "and surehanded direction ", "of the outstanding thrillers of recent years ", ", timeless and universal tale ", "an intriguing species of artifice ", ", flat drama ", "drop ", "the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ", "of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation ", "went back ", "be consigned to the dustbin of history ", "the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . ", "a small movie with a big impact ", "does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds ", "-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . ", "ludicrous and contrived plot ", "the most fragmented charms ", ", not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , ", "he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor ", "monotone narration ", "a young robert deniro ", "middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics ", "with no reason for being ", "might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . ", "knows it 's won ", "is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness ", "of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters ", "of hollywood fluff ", "is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time ", "vital action sequences ", "real filmmaker 's ", "with a life-affirming message ", ", then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable ", "old-fashioned-movie movie ", "the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline ", "going through the motions ", "for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish ", "filmed directly ", "has its heart ", "throws away ", "of devito 's misanthropic vision ", "you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . ", "the teen-exploitation playbook ", "gritty ", "great film noir ", "it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . ", "rare film ", "is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers ", "in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "no psychology here , and no real narrative logic ", "is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins ", "but it 's surprisingly harmless . ", "is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . ", "it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . ", "animal ", "an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . ", "a cheap thriller ", "brightly optimistic ", "sharp as a samurai sword ", "to describe how bad it is ", "the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", "a mishmash ", "be punishable by chainsaw ", "if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? ", "this charming , thought-provoking new york fest ", "misses its emotions ", "under-rehearsed ", "leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb ", "has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . ", "is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . ", "ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ", "instructive ", "walked out ", "one of the most savagely hilarious social critics ", ", and to her inventive director ", "play hannibal lecter ", "the best kind ", "inconsequential ", "sword-and-sorcery ", "payne has created a beautiful canvas , and ", "like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud ", "an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief ", "lacks the inspiration of the original and ", "besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . ", "this deeply affecting film ", "this movie makes one thing perfectly clear ", "but because of the startling intimacy ", "a dearth of vitality ", "would have likely wound up a tnt original ", "an honestly nice little film ", "to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem ", "smart and fun , but far more witty ", "is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . ", "playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant . ", "can report that it is instead a cheap clich\u00e9 ", "a heady , biting , be-bop ", "gawky ", "various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale ", "together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers ", "other , better crime movies ", "bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals ", "see this ", "cloying messages and irksome characters ", "draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent ", "shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . ", "no clear-cut hero ", "the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service ", "shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . ", "effort and ", "is why film criticism can be considered work ", "a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity . ", "is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing ", "on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company ", "one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . ", "to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent ", "this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . ", "soothe and break ", "new zealand coming-of-age movie ", "both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good ", "there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . ", "inhuman ", "one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ", "hard , endearing , caring ", "made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience ", "is familiar but enjoyable ", "to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests ", "as good , if not ", "'s a terrible movie in every regard , ", "to be somebody , and to belong to somebody ", "` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women ", "it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "mature ", "which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing ", "bewilderingly ", ", the update is dreary and sluggish . ", "impenetrable and insufferable ball ", "taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions ", "a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny ", "may puzzle his most ardent fans . ", "examines many different ideas from happiness ", "'re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger ", "like mike shoots and scores ", "is greatness ", "this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth ", "that works . ", "that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints ", "happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "best gay love stories ", "was daniel day-lewis . ", "alienating most ", "it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . ", "the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . ", "a sweet and modest and ", "most purely enjoyable and satisfying ", "one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed ", "an elegant work , ", "for its intelligence and intensity ", "a dark-as-pitch comedy ", "nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business ", "maddening ", "maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling ", "because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison ", "attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life ", "beautiful film to watch ", "what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent . ", "allegiance to chekhov ", "the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza ", "amuse even ", "a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable ", "much baked cardboard ", "she had to sit through it again ", "that , quite simply , should n't have been made ", "the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and ", "that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice ", "can be viewed as pure composition and form -- ", "seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes ", "actually has something interesting to say ", "... pitiful , slapdash disaster . ", "the problem with antwone fisher ", "essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . ", "could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower ", "a light , yet engrossing piece . ", ", it comes to life in the performances . ", "old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas ", "fine , focused piece ", "daring ", "enough to give you brain strain ", "'s so downbeat and nearly humorless ", "directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism ", "faster , livelier ", "puzzle whose pieces do not fit ", "puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . ", "distant ", "the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story ", "ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . ", "the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . ", "porno flick ", "is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", "drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ", "the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay ", "boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces ", "think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet ", "the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive ", "the sheer joy and pride ", ", overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . ", "shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "the most original fantasy film ever made ", "the teeny-bopper set ", "can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars ", "overwrought , ", "too crazy ", "its cutesy reliance ", "our special talents can be when put in service of of others ", "colorful world ", "invincible ", "rock solid family fun ", "possible argentine american beauty reeks ", "be as entertaining ", "one of the best gay love stories ", ", this is the most visually unappealing . ", "a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . ", ", confused , and totally disorientated ", "impeccable comic skill ", "too long ", "the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop ", ", there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . ", ", like max rothman 's future , does not work . ", "`` abandon '' ", "an exquisite , unfakable sense ", "storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . ", "empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . ", "keep - 'em ", "a social injustice , at least ", "wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , ", "a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale ", "instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . ", "comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . ", "then triple x marks the spot . ", "sustain laughs ", "tailor-made ", "more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . ", "they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused ", "the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . ", "as giddy and whimsical and relevant today ", "a thriller without a lot of thrills . ", "is the piece works brilliantly . ", "cleverness ", "just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... ", "campanella 's competent direction ", "so bad in a major movie ", "the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals ", "give a backbone to the company ", "starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . ", "sleek and arty . ", "twists to make the formula feel fresh . ", "a likable story , ", "heartfelt and achingly real ", "of ` let 's get this thing over with ", "are too simplistic to maintain interest ", "there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen . ", "may pick up new admirers ", "sweet , even delectable ", "is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ", ", contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . ", "teeth-gnashing ", "competent , unpretentious ", "is meaningless , vapid and devoid ", "been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better ", "the picture is in trouble ", "satisfying conclusions ", "the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s ", "a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . ", "bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . ", "mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . ", "... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . ", "win you over , ", "the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . ", "the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean ", "family movie ", "its unsettling force ", "often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself . ", "'s a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . ", "a deeply humanistic artist ", "teddy bears ' picnic ranks ", "wayward teen ", "dread encountering the most ", "this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . ", "intriguing and ", "one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but ", "no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . ", "which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through ", "echo of allusions ", "the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . ", "to be a breath of fresh air ", "writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . ", "is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation ", "just copies ", "sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ", "the rat-a-tat energy ", "lies ... ", "with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game ", "and civic action laudable ", "and artistically inept ", "of hopeful ", "stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness ", "a good-natured ensemble comedy ", "which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ", "a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years ", "real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way ", "for both the scenic splendor of the mountains ", "weighs down his capricious fairy-tale ", "weak and strong ", "might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ", "lousy guy ritchie imitation ", "fine performance ", "gabbiest giant-screen movie ", "to its inevitable tragic conclusion ", "at its best moments ", "walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but ", "flowery ", "the most part a useless movie , even ", "the result is more puzzling than unsettling ", "sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot ", "extra little something ", "i certainly ca n't recommend it ", "astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one ", "be lovely ", "'s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ", "feels familiar and tired ", "a great director ", "are so unmemorable ", "beaten ", "of the year 's best ", "story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre ", "'s worth the concentration . ", "good than great ", "jar-jar binks : the movie ", "schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ... ", "the richness of characterization ", "frightful vanity film ", "schmaltzy and clumsily ", "to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . ", "is fascinating ", "kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party ", "feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . ", "we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . ", "deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson ", "far too tragic ", "'s equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ", "clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years ", "try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . ", "michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here . ", "( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . ", "all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope ", "its audience giddy ", "harris is affecting at times ", "this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction ", "that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "slap me ", "but certainly hard to hate ", "a pair of fascinating performances ", "short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy ", ", it 's not too bad . ", "all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own ", "of war-torn croatia ", "a stunning fusion of music and images ", "bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie ", "it struck a chord in me ", "completely delightful ", "of funny situations and honest observations ", "slumming ", "suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc ", "you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "its superior cast ", "from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart ", "enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension ", "fills me with revulsion ", "broad cross-section ", "gesturing ", "a rehash of every gangster movie ", "denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", ", it ultimately delivers ", "useless ", "it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals ", "misguided ", "that and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "stink bomb . ", "that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it ", "is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "we want the funk - and this movie 's got it ", "like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . ", "seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories ", "once intimate and universal cinema ", "a better person ", "obvious cliches ", "riveting story ", "hopelessly juvenile ", "moving and stark ", "'s a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . ", "does n't add up to much . ", "offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch ", "way original ", "a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set ", "a low-budget affair , tadpole ", "dense ", "surprise us ", "of fun , with an undeniable energy ", "surprisingly entertaining ", "poignant and leavened ", "gripping performances by lane and gere ", "that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty ", "a cute partnership ", "grows boring despite the scenery . ", "is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , ", "offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending ", "of privileged moments and memorable performances ", "to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material ", "'s a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes ", ", worse yet , nonexistent -- ", "served ", "skip this dreck ", "the music makes a nice album ", "this is not an easy film . ", "everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy ", "packed with just as much intelligence ", "on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint . ", "direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . ", "successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . ", "universal and involving ", "hideous ", "fumbles away ", "sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution ", "the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon ", "some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . ", "is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** ", "it would still be beyond comprehension ", "dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "a rich tale ", "transparent attempts ", "the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept ", "is a success . ", "mindless and ", "fit ", "so unsympathetic ", "it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on ", "formuliac ", "not good ", "'s a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . ", "realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and ", "the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart ", "just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . ", "it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . ", "a child 's pain ", "the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , ", "something different ", "is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ", "conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . ", "is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "and uninspired . ", "a bit of a downer and a little ", "a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "gags to break the tedium ", "but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . ", "a minor miracle in unfaithful ", "an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . ", "counter-cultural ", "half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ", "supremely unfunny and unentertaining ", "variable ", "the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby ", "affectionately goofy satire ", "than the first 30 or 40 minutes ", "from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . ", "tender sermon ", "turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . ", "red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . ", "and crudely literal ", "despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations ", "sexual and romantic tension ", "she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo ", "in this wildly uneven movie ", "an overexposed waste of film ", "they could have been in a more ambitious movie ", "earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable ", "enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . ", "it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . ", "nifty ", "a christmas perennial ", "it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . ", "... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ", "of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind ", "to his craft , but to his legend ", "an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "it may be a no-brainer ", "devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic ", "tough pill to swallow ", "the background -- a welcome step ", "good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ", "that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ", "'m guessing the director is a magician . ", "goes by quickly ", "it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , ", "practices ", "jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . ", "heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart ", "quick-cut edits ", "amusing , let alone funny ", "'s also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers ", "resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs ", "grab your kids and run and then ", "beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . ", "perfectly ", "grace that still leaves shockwaves ", "lot to recommend read my lips ", "the shadows of motown ", "a solid formula ", "dismay ", "unfunny wannabe ", "peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . ", "a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . ", "bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma ", "like a can of 2-day old coke ", "of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ", "comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . ", "to sag in certain places ", "reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness ", ", more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . ", "is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys ", "if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is ", "wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . ", "colorful , vibrant introduction ", "best comedy concert movie ", "it provides a fresh view of an old type ", "a snore and ", "good films ", "realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already ", "stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , ", "sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests ", "is worth searching out . ", "proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast ", "a marvelous performance ", "a metaphor for a modern-day urban china ", "can depress you about life itself ", "managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "tear your eyes ", "a big-budget/all-star movie ", "every joke is repeated at least four times . ", "the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . ", "comedic employment ", "ick ' ", "ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . ", "come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals ", "... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . ", "believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film ", "both the scenic splendor of the mountains ", "werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken ", "moving portrait ", "feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment ", "you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . ", "bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . ", "they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . ", "see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out ", "beautiful than either of those films ", "true fans ", "most humane and important holocaust movies ", ", even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "aged ", ", do n't bother . ", "powerfully evocative ", "clearly a manipulative film ", "of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project ", "peculiar and always entertaining ", "( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ... ", "often downright creepy ", "shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "something else altogether -- clownish and ", "betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work ", "one-sided ", "the film is extremely thorough . ", "the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . ", "arrive early and stay late ", "stale first act , scrooge story ", "in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare ", "a truly magical movie ", "'s no energy . ", "one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing . ", "if somewhat standardized , ", "failing , ultimately , ", "pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . ", "a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . ", "a satisfyingly unsettling ride ", "an unsophisticated ", "sappiness ", "celebrates universal human nature ", "a climax ", "it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier . ", "rank frustration from those ", "the brain is engaged ", "a powerful entity ", "unique residences ", "dumb drug jokes and ", "the best rock ", "good-hearted ensemble comedy ", "to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ", "quarter the fun of toy story 2 ", "grand as the lord of the rings ", "insult the intelligence of everyone ", "film a must ", "is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ", "small ... ", "with too little ", "made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances ", "some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , ", "sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role ", "it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , ", "spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "protective cocoon ", "as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . ", "its characters and its audience ", "the disjointed ", "nightmare ", "as mushy as peas ", "a good one ", "of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes ", "romantic tale ", "their outrageousness ", "be shallow ", "beyond all expectation ", "a detailed historical document ", "is not edward burns ' best film ", "wheedling reluctant witnesses ", "their feces ", "research library dust ", "still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . ", "a more annoying , though ", "feature-length ", "so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun ", "a copy of a copy of a copy ", "obnoxious special effects ", "have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for ", "lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics ", "qualities ", "one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , ", "when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . ", "especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ", "with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope ", "featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . ", "you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century ", "it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . ", ", there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . ", "but also intriguing and honorable , ", "me feel unclean ", "those monologues stretch on and on ", ", this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . ", "that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "of corny dialogue and preposterous moments ", "that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome ", "an impressive job ", "having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count ", "i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . ", "strikes a potent chemistry ", "scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . ", "stress ` dumb ", "great rewards ", "behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ", "have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time ", "no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and ", "that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor ", "is repellantly out of control . ", "be based on a true and historically significant story ", "construct a story ", "very predictable ", ", reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! ", "a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor ", "it was just a matter of ` eh . ' ", "a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way ", "is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory ", "perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . ", "by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ", "like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . ", "deserves a place of honor ", "vibrantly colored ", "the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot ", "sweet without the decay ", "major-league ", ", repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . ", "aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film ", "a welcome step ", "better elsewhere ", "a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . ", "refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map ", "teeth-gnashing actorliness ", "really special walk ", "tried hard ", "astounds . ", ", it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . ", "a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ", "is an absolute delight for all audiences ", "the ideal casting ", "directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured ", "better than the fiction ", "does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation ", "this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but ", "quite beautiful ", "parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature ", "to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love ", "drawing flavorful performances from bland actors ", "every faltering half-step ", "carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect ", "that should be relegated to a dark video store corner ", "grandiosity ", "which become strangely impersonal and abstract ", "apparent joy ", "rip-roaring ", "crudely literal ", "this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and ", "so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ", "sex and lucia is so alluring ", "irritating soul-searching garbage . ", "the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "an mtv , sugar hysteria ", "friend ", "allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . ", "whatever complaints i might have ", "dark comedy ", "outstanding feature debut ", "an engrossing story ", ", then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . ", "it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . ", "plenty of laughs ", "have to see this ! ", "out-of-kilter ", "a moving and weighty depiction ", "road to perdition does display greatness ", "offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past ", "then by all means check it out . ", "a few laughs but nothing else ", "is rote work and predictable , ", "insultingly unbelievable ", "ordinary and obvious ", "one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . ", "classic theater piece ", "the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . ", "mimics everyone and everything ", "half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy ", "itself is just sooooo tired . ", "want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters ", "manages sweetness largely without stickiness ", "the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "with their memorable and resourceful performances ", "come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be ", "the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge ", "any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media ", "'s both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen ", "nightmarish ", "be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance ", "every visual joke is milked , ", "about discovering your destination in life ", "is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . ", "a very well-meaning movie , ", "bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . ", "so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation ", "when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. ", "survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ", "like a rash ", "the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , ", "a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare ", "in me ", "is amused by its special effects ", "ache by the end of kung pow ", "is that it 's actually watchable ", ", warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . ", "such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and ", "'m all for that ", "fierce competition ", "like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . ", "dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it ", "such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "for improvement ", "dull moment ", "maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout ", "and unfunny tricks ", "most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . ", "excited about on this dvd ", "if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . ", "surprising romance ", "challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . ", "delivers a powerful commentary ", "efficiently minimalist style ", "to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure ", "see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi ", "classy , sprightly spin ", "the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly ", "to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss ", "mesmerizing cinematic poem ", "cold , ", "real and ", "immensely ambitious ", "love it , ", "when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant ", "sick , twisted sort ", "like such a bore ", "that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship ", "is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . ", "serenity and poise ", "whose pieces do not fit ", "one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels ", "are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . ", "cheery and ", "basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 ", "utter tripe ", "to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time ", "a great deal ", "technically sumptuous ", "got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease ", "the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had ", "enough said , except : film overboard ! ", "when you 're a struggling nobody ", "adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . ", "is a much better mother-daughter tale ", "incredibly flexible cast ", "is unusual but unfortunately also irritating ", "... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . ", "myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "racial profiling hollywood style ", "'s fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . ", "inspires more than an interested detachment ", "i walked out of runteldat ", "derailed by bad writing ", "induce sleep ", "light-hearted ", "loneliness ", "really quite funny . ", "it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . ", "'s funniest and most likeable movie in years ", "maybe twice ) ", "unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . ", "credible and remarkably mature ", "'s now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense ", "manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick . ", "seems to want to be a character study , ", "you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered ", "by now intolerable morbidity ", "is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . ", "has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . ", "although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either . ", "all the scenic appeal of a cesspool ", "authentic christmas spirit ", "assured of the wrong things ", "sobering cautionary tale ", "deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen ", "genial and decent ", "pretentious types ", "delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . ", ", it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . ", "with the american dream ", "nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and ", "we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why ", "a cruelly funny twist ", "a mature and frank fashion ", "repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue ", "to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen ", "doing its namesake proud ", "accomplished and ", "harrowing and uplifting ", "'s not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . ", ", nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking ", "the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . ", "manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . ", "resorting to camp ", "unbelievable na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks ", "a work of deft and subtle poetry ", "with attractive men ", "got to me ", "the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity ", "lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "the power of this movie ", "an honest , sensitive story ", "to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort ", "some intriguing characters ", "a slight and uninventive movie ", "also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . ", "emotionally desiccated ", "clunky tv-movie approach ", "could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "of a genuine and singular artist ", "noticeable lack ", "a retread ", "lousy john q ", ", for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . ", "leguizamo and jones are both excellent ", "is plenty of fun for all . ", "a strict reality ", "leaves a lot to be desired ", "where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone ", "paul grabowsky 's excellent music ", ", the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . ", "turns a blind eye ", "nothing to show ", "of shape ", "a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : ", "appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "many a hollywood romance ", "the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . ", "money-oriented ", "sleekness ", "this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . ", "showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks ", "none of this sounds promising and , ", "a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions ", "of your seat , tense with suspense ", "unusual but pleasantly haunting debut ", "the problem with all of this ", "new release ", "personality ", "the story together frustrating difficult ", "well-made pizza ", "of a good time for both children and parents ", "its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , ", "and mainly unfunny ", "with the pale script ", "its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades ", "has no affect on the kurds ", "brought off with considerable wit ", "that keeps you ", "a low-budget affair ", "is as difficult for the audience to take as it ", "heartening ", "that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart ", "undisputed ", "hilarious adventure ", "highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . ", "beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . ", "'ve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer ", "brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . ", "the film is like sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . ", "during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . ", "hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . ", "wishy-washy . ", "leaves an awful sour taste ", "spend with these people ", "so sloppy , so uneven ", "what a reckless ", "a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right ", "its classical music ", "of weird performances and direction ", "say nothing of boring ", "offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory ", "zero . ", "there 's no good answer to that one . ", "feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy ", "good race ", ", being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something ", "striking deep chords of sadness ", "and yet , it still works . ", "we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . ", "feral and uncomfortable ", "sweetness , clarity and emotional openness ", "satisfying well-made romantic comedy ", "about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time ", "of the clients ", "has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ", "a compelling story to tell ", "to find the small , human moments ", "the actors are simply too good , and ", "to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn ", "romantic comedy genre ", "the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy ", "hit that may strain adult credibility ", "bracing ", "the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel ", "a prolific director ", "'s better than the phantom menace ", "a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , ", "is ultimately quite unengaging ", "will have you talking 'til the end of the year ", "burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him ", "dismally ", "vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen ", "guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family ", ", sweet ` evelyn ", ", standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . ", "inspired '' was a lot funnier ", "of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack ", "rare imax movie ", "'s a heaven for bad movies ", "churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action ", "the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "a condition only the old are privy to ", "disappointingly thin ", "is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style ", "terrible . ", "can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice ", "another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . ", "o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and ", "no solace here ", "that is masterly ", "ca n't say it 's on par with the first one ", "robin tunney ", "dies . ", "of pleasure or sensuality ", "is better than you might think ", "big-screen experience ", "has little wit and no surprises . ", "imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . ", "kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script ", "talking a talk that appeals to me ", "corrupt ", "the paranoid claustrophobia ", "though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . ", "in all fairness ", "avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up ", ", pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . ", "with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free ", "astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment ", "arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation ", "is deadpan ", "contributions ", "an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . ", "some wickedly sick and twisted humor ", "clich\u00e9s , depression and ", "is never lethargic ", "articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . ", "( a ) crushing disappointment . ", "that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow ", "a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism ", "wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours ", "a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham ", "it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and ", "obscenely ", "takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . ", "pryor wannabe ", "to a sunshine state ", "ordinary ", "the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid ", "a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . ", "and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . ", "with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes ", "broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity ", "credible ", "decent ` intro ' documentary ", "have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema ", "gentle and engrossing character ", "sitcomishly ", "nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "it lacks a strong narrative ", "drifts aimlessly ", "has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest ", "cast is painful to watch ", "in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type ", "should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . ", "is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family ", "talented and notorious subject ", "the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before ", "the film 's ill-considered notion ", "an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , ", "invigorating , surreal , and resonant ", "is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . ", "the film is well-crafted and ", "provocative film ", "dull exposition ", "lifelong concern ", "this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . ", "elevates the experience to a more mythic level ", "the bland songs ", "do n't even bother to rent this on video ", "that 's neither completely enlightening ", "an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era ", "cinematic art ", "is n't as sharp or as fresh ", "is so fascinating ", "there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and ", "its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "to the floor with a sickening thud ", "is a plodding mess ", "co-stars ", "underestimated ", "film that will enthrall the whole family . ", "'s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . ", "broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles ", "an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves ", "bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . ", "the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year ", "guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep ", "dying for this kind of entertainment ", "a rather brilliant little cult item : ", "quite simply , should n't have been made ", "( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow ", "unfilmable '' novels ", "it unexpectedly rewarding ", "melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project ", "as a tarantula , helga ", "the brilliance of animal house ", "slightly disappointed ", "a pleasing way ", "of lame entertainment ", "overused ", "a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . ", "silly rather than plausible ", "wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... ", "likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies ", "topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights ", "the dialogue is cumbersome ", "a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s ", "was developed hastily after oedekerk ", "deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this ", "professionals ", "'m not ", "photographic marvel ", "grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration ", "that such a talented director as chen kaige ", "very tasteful ", ", tasteless and idiotic ", "here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . ", "hole-ridden ", "sexy and romantic ", "the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . ", "another best of the year selection ", "the movie is ingenious fun . ", "strangely sinister happy ending ", "is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . ", "achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . ", "the chocolate factory without charlie . ", "bad bear suits ", "illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , ", "this ambitious comic escapade ", "that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ", "it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . ", "is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction ", "an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . ", "deepest tragedies ", "go where we went 8 movies ago ", "endear ", "my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . ", "befallen ", "gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake ", "bogs down in rhetoric and clich\u00e9 . ", "apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . ", "is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "generous ", "a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish ", "should give `` scratch '' a second look ", "the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural ", "have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . ", "imaginary ", "family comedy ", "smile-button ", "permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations ", "elevate `` glory '' ", "an appalling , ", "works on any number of levels ", "becomes lifeless ", "absolutely amazing ", "will have a showdown ", "this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine ", "the enjoyable undercover brother ", "a strong first act ", "the smartest ", "one decent performance from the cast and ", "evocative ", "a horrible , 99-minute ", "a world of hurt ", "mob ", "harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style ", "'s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' ", "to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff ", "a powerful 1957 drama ", "acute writing and a host of splendid performances ", "put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life ", "below expectations ", "is an entirely foreign concept ", "'re at the right film . ", "moving and ", "but something far more stylish and cerebral ", "all comedy ", "maudlin or ", "a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "they succeed ", ", taut , piercing and feisty ", "trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead . ", "ranges from bad to bodacious ", "of the family vacation ", "just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "`` far from heaven '' ", "off as annoying rather than charming ", "of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints ", "so larger than life and ", "assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height ", "vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends ", "exasperated ", "undeniably gorgeous ", "unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie ", "retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash ", "take a complete moron ", "be part of ", "carried by a strong sense of humanism ", "is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . ", "it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . ", "( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . ", "one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities ", "ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' ", "leguizamo 's best movie work so far , ", "able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable ", "makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes ", "her subject matter ", "nostalgic comments ", "sweet , funny , charming , ", "this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . ", "a game supporting cast ", "` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . ", "thick clouds of denial ", "the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . ", "so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "forceful drama ", "buoyant feeling ", "as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "to string together enough charming moments to work ", "it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile ", "the movie is amateurish , ", "piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . ", "were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities ", "exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . ", "create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn ", "the plot and a powerfully evocative mood ", "the action is stilted ", "is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride ", "trashy fun ", "is frequently overwrought and crudely literal ", "is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues ", "'s nowhere near as exciting as either . ", "a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation ", "all the way to the credits ", "returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . ", "present an unflinching look ", "smart and dark ", "ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ", "writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . ", "ill-conceived and ", "hole-ridden plotting ", "never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free ", "three-dimensional characters ", "a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams ", "byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . ", "wait for the video ", "that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ", "esteemed writer-actor ", "as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work ", "low-budget series ", "that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers ", "it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . ", "the film 's lack of personality ", "for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . ", "a picaresque view ", "cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff . ", "highest power ", "rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints ", "on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns ", "how sandler is losing his touch ", "entertained by ", "an extraordinary film , not least ", "surprisingly similar ", "animation enthusiasts ", "silly stuff ", "an enjoyable above average summer diversion ", "far more often than the warfare itself -- ", "overlong ", "( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency ", "the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic ", "i love the robust middle of this picture . ", "strong filmmaking ", "efficient ", "inside it he 's well worth spending some time with ", "the right stuff for silly summer entertainment ", "pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 ", "inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "a sentimental hybrid ", "is delicately ", "smart and newfangled ", "philosophical ", "nice piece ", "are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but ", "animated thoughts ", "like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . ", "not-so-funny ", "especially well-executed television movie ", "dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances ", "fustily tasteful ", "castrated ", "filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love ", "latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling ", "holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . ", "might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) ", "a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi ", "picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks ", "'s affecting , amusing , sad and reflective ", "'s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . ", "fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . ", "... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . ", "dumb and derivative horror ", "describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "too many scenes toward the end ", "makes it a party worth attending ", "sometimes exceptional film ", "bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness ", "has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . ", "stand as intellectual masterpieces ", "intriguing characters ", "humanize its subject ", "a torrent ", "for all the wit and hoopla ", "of this tacky nonsense ", "you see this film you 'll know too ", "belongs on the big screen ", "best and most mature ", "it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . ", "help but engage an audience ", "suited neither to kids or adults ", "love head-on ", "its dying , ", "for some major alterations ", "the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . ", "it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . ", "bad the film 's story does not live up to its style ", "with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ", "chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it ", ", inexplicable and unpleasant ", "is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . ", "phoney-feeling ", "a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity . ", "even better ", "amusing ", "display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline ", "in one forum or another ", "fantastically vital ", "broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ", "with great sympathy and intelligence ", "was reading the minds of the audience ", "enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining ", "that keeps you guessing at almost every turn ", "for an older one ", "i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . ", "by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen ", "a predictable outcome and ", "we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and ", "making kahlo 's art a living , ", "the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while ", "riveting and handsomely ", "too-spectacular ", "little more than routine ", "earn our love ", "to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists ", "issues ' ", "in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen ", "most deceptively amusing ", "jim carrey ", "is like reading a research paper , ", "a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship ", "floundering ", "about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera ", ", tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage ", "the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . ", "have to see this ", "and narrative grace ", "is worth your time , especially ", "for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh ", "these women 's ", "is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography ", "'s coherent , well shot , and ", "a high water mark ", "the film never feels draggy ", "it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . ", "of this so-called satire ", "for happiness ", "visually smart ", "good news to anyone ", "the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ", "'s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . ", "enlivens ", "'s what makes their project so interesting ", "immaculately ", "after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) ", "like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net ", "mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction ", "the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling . ", "no amount of imagination , no creature ", "gorgeously atmospheric meditation ", "sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent ", "to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman ", "wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . ", "is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously ", "find it baffling ", "dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera ", "own quirky hipness ", "you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school ", "strangely believable ", "wear thin on all ", "go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike ", "this waste ", "funnier film ", "from a ploddingly melodramatic structure ", "a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type ", "thrill you , touch you and make you ", "this film is part of that delicate canon ", "is not an easy film . ", "'s finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents ", "'s not too fast and not too slow . ", "got me grinning ", "been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ", "too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . ", "fit in any modern action movie ", "uneven movie ", "be funny , uplifting and moving , ", "although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . ", "an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation ", "1995 's forget paris ", "that rare family movie -- ", "this is the one . ", "upper teens may get cynical . ", "forget about it ", "is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast ", "so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama ", "weaving a theme throughout this funny film ", "deep inside righteousness ", "have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film ", "add up to a satisfying crime drama . ", "dialogue and preposterous moments ", "superior moral tone ", "the strain is all too evident ", "to rival gosford park 's ", "had to endure last summer ", "is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . ", "easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . ", "becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . ", "smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . ", "fresh good looks and ", "sure , it 's contrived and predictable ", "an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "me a lot of memento ", "he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . ", "land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . ", "very enjoyable ... ", "they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . ", "the best sports movie i 've ever seen ", "the parents ", "the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . ", "a summertime look-see ", "fascination , ", "a true ", "( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany ", "touching , small-scale story ", "which is mostly a bore ", "all those famous moments ", "the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . ", "excellence ", "that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "barbershop is tuned in to its community . ", "appalling ", "too little excitement ", "that is impenetrable and dull ", "good-natured fun found in films like tremors ", "going wrong ", "it 's propelled by the acting ", "you get back to your car in the parking lot ", "slapdash disaster ", ", marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . ", "commanding ", "-- and far less crass ", "what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film ", "introspective portrait ", "big excuse ", "is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . ", "more watchable ", "designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus ", "that 's the mark of a documentary that works ", "faced ", "does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez ", "seen ( eddie ) ", "a sour little movie ", "there 's no energy . ", "spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . ", "bluff ", "closer than many movies ", "it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . ", "are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours ", "established filmmaker ", "comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' ", "bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie ", "takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera ", ", payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . ", "grotesquely ", "pack your knitting needles . ", "pat , fairy-tale conclusion ", "considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve ", "american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . ", "immensely entertaining ", "the film has a terrific look ", "skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional ", "features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever . ", "lots of effort and intelligence ", "a story that 's shapeless and uninflected ", "has really found his groove these days ", "shining star ", "is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone ", "an unexpectedly sweet story ", "scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv ", "the only young people who possibly will enjoy it ", "truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne ", "is so different from the apple and so striking ", "turd ", "a good simmer ", "a sucker ", "will find things to like ", "best short ", "its courage , ideas , technical proficiency ", "a delicate ambiguity ", "offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor ", "its unerring respect for them ", "it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad ", "much funnier than anything ", "filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard ", "sadistic bike flick ", "wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise ", "christmas perennial ", ", roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . ", ", the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . ", "is as predictable as the tides ", "puts the sting back into the con ", "better than its predecessor ", "the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective ", "plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . ", "strategies ", "greatest natural sportsmen ", "loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and ", "smart , steamy mix ", "that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue ", "breathe life ", "give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works ", "is lacking any real emotional impact ", "a bit cold and ", "a dull girl ", "coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . ", "evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream ", "arrive early and stay late , ", "all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , ", "are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching ", "violent , vulgar and forgettably ", "the gentle and humane side ", "when the explosions start , they fall to pieces ", "impressively discreet filmmakers ", "be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time ", "deathly slow to any teen ", "the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . ", "going to love the piano teacher ", ", it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . ", "less than adorable ", "is almost in a class with that of wilde himself ", "cool ", "lift ", "is not worth ", "because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . ", "an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer ", "amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing ", "quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship ", "( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions ", "is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . ", "more than a worthwhile effort ", "are in perfect balance ", "sheer audacity and openness ", "especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time ", "ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon ", "largely unfulfilling ", "`` snl '' has-been ", "sometimes creepy intimacy ", "how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians ", "the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of ", "kids-cute ", "look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . ", "dreamlike ecstasy ", "that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . ", "is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . ", "know the band or the album 's songs by heart ", "entertain or inspire its viewers ", "forged in still-raw emotions ", "worst -- and only -- ", "'s easy to love robin tunney ", "dark-as-pitch ", "that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ", "judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . ", "this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . ", "lightweight but appealing ", "imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty ", "and yet completely familiar ", "the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . ", "moralizing ", "ingenious and often ", "the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women ", "with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . ", "idiots ", "merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . ", "is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise ", "of discovery ", "makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important ", "is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that ", "a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out ", "this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . ", "lighthearted glow ", "rather routine ", "beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva ", "repulsive and depressing ", "incongruous ", "tired , unimaginative and derivative ", "girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ", "blustery movie ", "is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises ", "will have a great time ", "unoriginal ", "'s a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . ", "for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment ", "all the wiggling energy ", "is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love ", "it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . ", "uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . ", "if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack . ", "john le carr\u00e9 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders ", "masterfully calibrated ", "of the most repellent things ", "unique directing style ", "has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . ", "first-class , natural acting and ", "lousy movie ", "just because it seems obligatory ", ", evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . ", "otherwise comic ", "just another teen movie , ", "older and wiser eyes , ", "fun . ", "the euphoria of growing up ", "nothing about them is attractive . ", "pop up in nearly every corner of the country ", ", two towers outdoes its spectacle . ", "that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness ", "worthy ", "i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- ", "shallow and ", "passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment ", "entertaining enough , but nothing new ", "some very good acting , dialogue ", "is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance ", "love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew ", "never springs to life ", "there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it . ", "is even remotely new or interesting ", "makes these lives count . ", "endless exposition ", "but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . ", "thoroughly enjoyable ", "flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation ", "gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . ", "the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun . ", "who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade ", "is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . ", "the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting . ", "passion and pretence ", "tragedy ", "'s horribly depressing and not very well done ", "exactly what it wants to be ", "screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy ", "seem disappointing in its generalities ", "a monster movie ", "the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel ", "i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but ", "squanders its beautiful women ", "sluggish ", "that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness ", "a cinematic postcard ", "love for the movies of the 1960s ", "may seem disappointing in its generalities ", "savagely hilarious ", "namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . ", "be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still ", "soft-porn ", "allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . ", ", hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . ", "seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other ", "a unique , well-crafted psychological study ", "the resourceful amnesiac ", "extravaganza ", "rich and sudden ", "it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . ", "beautifully directed and convincingly acted . ", "a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments ", "clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , ", "skillful and ", "every family ", "'ll cheer . ", "the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ", "it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , ", "invite some genuine spontaneity into the film ", "your senses are as mushy as peas ", "simply stupid , irrelevant and ", "yields surprises . ", "she-cute ", "smooth , shrewd , powerful act ", "overstylized , pur\u00e9ed m\u00e9lange ", "vivid characters and ", "of a very lively dream ", "shame ", "fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "in its committed dumbness ", "ugly , pointless , stupid movie ", "'s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "while cleverly worked out ", "the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ", "lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile ", "a first-class road movie ", "chan 's uniqueness ", "has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . ", "makes the right choices at every turn ", "proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . ", "a vanity project ", "the sweet cinderella story ", "mike shoots and scores ", "always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story ", "standard ", "a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it ", "a laundry list of minor shortcomings ", "from japan ", "it recycles every clich\u00e9 about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . ", "with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . ", "seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . ", ", it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him ", "a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece ", "a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . ", "interesting topic ", "watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "thurman ", "delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . ", "lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . ", "though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . ", "like puppies with broken legs ", "animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "a raise ", "of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential ", "burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . ", "catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images ", "shrill and soporific ", "that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously ", "the biggest disappointments of the year ", "the film 's winning tone ", "a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude ", "its face ", "getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera ", "still feels counterproductive ", "bad cinema ", "poetic , ", "mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way ", "impresses ", "it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . ", "it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . ", "beginning to hate it ", "to see it twice ", "serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . ", "` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit ", "minor classic ", "stylishly ", "quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic ", "tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations ", "adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . ", "it actually hurts to watch . ", "seems embarrassed by his own invention and ", "all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . ", "by a sloppy script ", "the film certainly does n't disappoint . ", "from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , ", "it 's impossible to care who wins ", "theater feeling ", "attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way ", "talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture ", "see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "gracious ", "'s a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground ", "a morbid one ", "the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me ", "like crap ", "about bad cinema ", "a fifty car pileup ", "high standards ", "it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . ", "atypically hypnotic ", "as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . ", "free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen ", "overcooked ", "'s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ", "the whole package ", "you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness ", "anger ", "off ", "restate ", "a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . ", "the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "superior horror flick ", "sensitive story ", "receive ", "proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "glory days ", "tiny acts of kindness ", "looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- ", "the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug ", "an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . ", "it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor ", "ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ", "with unlikable , spiteful idiots ", "where nothing 's happening ", "seem tired and , ", "as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you ", "weak and ineffective ghost story ", "with conspicuous success ", "the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material ", "the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and ", ", he has no clue about making a movie ", "the fierce grandeur ", "and mind-numbing indifference ", "surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players ", "wonderfully creepy mood ", "at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... ", "which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience ", "'s supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah ", "'s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california ", "for the ridicule factor ", "fun cheese puff ", "that it 's actually watchable ", "incompetent ", "thumbs down ", "winning performances and ", "cheat ", "peace is possible ", "a good guy ", "dreadful romance . ", "the theme with added depth and resonance ", "( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be . ", "invigorating about ", "look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor ", "has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne ", "intolerable company ", "'s a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . ", "i see this piece of crap again ", "weave a protective cocoon around his own ego ", "so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . ", "forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos ", "transcends culture and race ", "the real issues ", "makes a better travelogue than movie . ", "a lovably old-school hollywood confection . ", "creative interference ", "mediocre acting ", "succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work ", "a spontaneity ", "that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship ", "joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . ", "instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash ", "success ", "transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories ", "that perverse element ", "are great rewards here . ", "able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "enjoyed it just ", "real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros ", "the product of loving , well integrated homage ", "very compelling ", "any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . ", "at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . ", "who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us ", "why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? ", "savagely ", "by uneven dialogue and plot lapses ", "a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation ", "turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", "engrossing and different ", "of ineptly ", "might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . ", "a played-out idea ", "reasonably creative eighth-grader ", "a serious movie with serious ideas . ", "with sharp ears and eyes ", "striking ", "the campaign-trail press ", "fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience ", "paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . ", "'ll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture ", "the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection ", "ghandi gone bad ", ", those farts got to my inner nine-year-old ", "has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something ", "director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage ", "fairly lame ", "warm , fuzzy feeling ", "it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , ", "delightfully unpredictable , hilarious ", "hold our attention ", "all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets ", "to be taken seriously ", "overwrought ", "fun , and ", "his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form ", "feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism ", "bind us ", "andie macdowell ", "evil dead ii ", "it 's not a great monster movie . ", "is flat ", "a captivatingly quirky hybrid ", "felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . ", "the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . ", "is n't much to it . ", "is its personable , amusing cast ", "are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . ", "delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away ", "here lacks considerable brio . ", "bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . ", "realize , much to our dismay ", "several cliched movie structures : ", "most genuinely sweet ", "feels impersonal , almost generic . ", "singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece ", "the places , and the people , ", "that is funny , touching , smart and complicated ", "a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . ", "itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension ", "the fun of toy story 2 ", "a young woman who knows how to hold the screen ", "a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get ", "can trust ", "works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . ", "want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness ", "xxx is a blast of adrenalin ", "accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits ", "small part thanks ", "timely , tongue-in-cheek ", "surprisingly powerful and universal . ", "hokum but ", "to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . ", "uptight ", "family-oriented ", "the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version ", "may not be particularly innovative ", "pretty tattered ", "charming but slight ", "correctly ", "to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much . ", "want the story to go on and on ", "silliness and ", "what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . ", "an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that ", "but a little too smugly ", "revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . ", "any way of gripping what its point is , ", "book-on-tape ", "shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high ", ", the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . ", "all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . ", "sweeping , dramatic ", "very top ", "an ungainly movie , ill-fitting ", "horrible ", "as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . ", "a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures . ", "spiteful ", "smart and fun ", "hot and the john wayne classics ", "some of the unsung heroes of 20th century ", "the best actor ", "it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . ", "the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment ", "certain ", "86 minutes too long ", "there are laughs aplenty ", "of high hilarity ", "insensitivity ", "whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . ", "sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely ", "her pure fantasy character , ", "as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . ", "the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects ", "most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and ", "reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . ", "is a step down for director gary fleder . ", "picture-perfect beach ", "labyrinthine ", "with a series of riveting set pieces ", "be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ", "weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . ", "'s touching and tender and ", "sports aficionados ", "hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity ", "sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... ", "divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure ", "instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture ", "this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . ", "a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers ", "`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . ", "inspirational prep-school professors ", "to be mesmerised ", "war ", "hypertime in reverse ", "complicated plotting and banal dialogue ", "incoherence and ", "it is laughingly enjoyable ", "south park ", "much stranger than any fiction ", "of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding ", "what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time ", "governmental odds ", "hit . ", "he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "flavors and emotions ", "is hugely overwritten , ", ", i enjoyed . ", "it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . ", "emerges a radiant character portrait . ", "goose-pimple ", ", astonish and entertain ", "an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle ", "if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski ", "a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy ", "there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . ", "the performances are amiable and committed , and ", "insanely hilarious ", "on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ", "a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome ", "to entertain all ages ", "can find humor ", "give strong and convincing performances ", "an elegantly balanced movie ", "enough energy and excitement ", "the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . ", "is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . ", "an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work ", "it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . ", "to include anything even halfway scary ", "one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while ", "look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage ", "what 's infuriating about full frontal ", "noble end ", "scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances ", "once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . ", "most damning censure ", "a classical dramatic animated feature , ", "incoherence reigns . ", "scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ", "scrap ", "marvel again ", "deliver a great story ", "works on some levels ", "a disaster of a story ", "have rarely seen ", "a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity ", "comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible . ", "savvy producer ", "surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . ", "... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . ", "to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world ", "south korea 's future ", "the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and ", "stylized humor throughout ", "chore ", "reach a truly annoying pitch ", "it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and ", "for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger ", "its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter ", "a fragment of an underdone potato ", "an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters ", "a mostly magnificent directorial career , ", "'' lacks in depth ", "more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ", "nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite ", "a river of sadness that pours into every frame ", "down memory lane ", "her nomination as best actress even more ", "thanks to the actors ", "while some of the camera work is interesting ", ", is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . ", "there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . ", "such self-amused trash ", ", it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . ", "for philosophers , not filmmakers ", "is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . ", "from a fine cast ", "is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . ", "the heat of the moment ", "rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative ", "of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "insightful ", "texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . ", "what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets ", "an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant ", "less funny ", "this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent ", "though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . ", "irritating ", "there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and ", ", this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . ", "funniest idea ", "the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . ", "a serious exploration ", "are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach ", "patchy ", "is negated ", "'s a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all ", "disturbing ", "this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , ", "once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . ", "when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces ", "to no particularly memorable effect ", "a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . ", "full of life , hand gestures , and some ", "it does n't leave you with much . ", "a bland murder-on-campus yawner . ", "to be something of a sitcom apparatus ", "this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope ", "safe ", "while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . ", "detailed personal portrait ", "otherwise talented ", "outside the under-10 set ", "the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions ", "a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving ", "the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . ", "good old-fashioned adventure ", "make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger ", "talent ", "( johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . ", "a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . ", "is going to be something really good ", "old-fashioned in all the best possible ways ", "those exceedingly rare films ", "could be considered a funny little film ", "sulky teen drama ", "the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and ", "none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ... ", "'s a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ", "despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . ", "abhorrent ", "is losing his touch ", "it 's not really funny . ", "( shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . ", "the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even ", "... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... ", "( a ) boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . ", "enjoyment ", "yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie ", "appeals to me ", "from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . ", "powerful , chilling , and affecting study ", "who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby ", "two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "complex than its sunny disposition ", "relatively nothing happens ", "gorgeous beaches ", "wow ' factor ", "promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "deeply absorbing piece ", "tender , ", "'s undeniably hard to follow ", "quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "moving and solidly entertaining ", "director michael cacoyannis ", "in entertaining ", "is a horrible movie ", "of charm ", "the most creative , energetic and original ", "arnold schwarzenegger ", "to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you ", "frittered ", "sinks into by-the-numbers territory . ", "laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . ", "that should bolster director and co-writer ", "if occasionally flawed , ", "making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . ", ", guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . ", "a huge disappointment coming ", "elaborate special effects take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . ", ", alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 . ", "say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato ", "indifferent ", "as scary-funny as tremors ", "some serious suspense ", "have a bad , bad , bad movie ", "the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery ", "can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise ", ", this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . ", "you feel like running out screaming ", "so compellingly ", "familiar , funny surface ", "that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations ", "( and better ) ", "distinguished and thoughtful ", "a work of art ", "a remarkably cohesive whole , ", "and sumptuous stream ", "iles ", "politically potent ", "they fascinate in their recklessness . ", "which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach ", "be as bored watching morvern callar ", "comes from the heart ", "112-minute ", "been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) ", "a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ", "there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally . ", "the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic ", "a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but ", "kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , ", "of dreck ", "it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and ", "unsung heroes ", "the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , ", "the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative ", "compelling film . ", "much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep ", "the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film . ", "to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors ", "unblinkingly pure ", "a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , ", "in a sense , that 's a liability . ", "demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces ", "ensures the film never feels draggy . ", "leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects ", "a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . ", "becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters ", "occasionally very enjoyable ", "nearly every clich\u00e9 ", "the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . ", "an eminently engrossing film ", "have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ", "eerily suspenseful ", "oversimplification , superficiality and silliness ", "most daring ", "something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life ", "as crisp and ", "such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . ", "is delightful in the central role . ", "falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject ", "the brilliant surfing photography ", "in that something 's horribly wrong ", "jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . ", "have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way ", "makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . ", "the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools ", "touching , smart and complicated ", "a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point ", "substantive movie ", "it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . ", "in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals ", "placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "offend ", "brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . ", "too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . ", "represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side ", "re-voiced version ", "in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ", "of an alternative lifestyle ", "with big heart ", "a physique to match ", "stages his gags ", "does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration ", "their computer-animated faces are very expressive . ", "repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense ", "works beautifully as a movie ", "wo n't hold up over the long haul ", "about the plight of american indians in modern america ", "wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . ", "weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids ", "provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . ", "two unrelated shorts that falls far short ", "it 's plotless , shapeless -- and ", "make for one splendidly cast pair ", "spellbinding fun ", "what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once ", "almost saves the movie . ", "watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . ", "this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin ", "about thoroughly vacuous people ", "a ragbag ", "increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool ", "in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . ", "that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other ", "dubious product ", "explore the connections between place and personal identity . ", "madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . ", "than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating ", "achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . ", "a fan ", "human nature ", "the first fatal attraction was vile enough . ", "little excitement ", "could have -- should have -- been allowed ", "terrific to read about ", "necessary to document all this emotional misery ", "is a bomb . ", "increasingly amused ", "as simple self-reflection meditation ", "trusted audiences ", "futile concoction ", ", it is a great film . ", "i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . ", "perfection ", "a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school ", "worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production ", "arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , ", "intense and ", "underrehearsed ", "is a mess from start to finish . ", "( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ", "gives out ", "'s definite room for improvement . ", "-- sadly -- dull ", "settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking ", "a thoughtful , emotional movie experience ", "patience ", "maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . ", "it works ", "first film something of a sleeper success ", "firmly ", "remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . ", "is analytical ", "to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies ", "a stock plot ", "appropriately cynical social commentary aside ", "have no bearing on the story ", "all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . ", "given audiences ", "to gravity and plummets ", "meditative and ", "not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . ", "the film 's intimate camera work and ", "this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture ", "to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "proficient , dull ", "forget about it by monday , though ", "awfulness ", "almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson ", "'s a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring ", "the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult ", "to creep the living hell out of you ", "plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before ", "an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance ", "as the novel on which it 's based ", "the distinct and very welcome sense ", "baaaaaaaaad ", "a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . ' ", "lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy ", "more smarts ", "have been a sketch on saturday night live ", "a terrific b movie ", "manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . ", "better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least ", "his strongest performance ", "an irrepressible passion ", ", though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . ", "self-aware , often self-mocking , ", "whatever ", "has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . ", "going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "a consistent embracing humanity ", "visceral and spiritual ", "of a classic text since roland joff\u00e9 and demi moore ", "there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . ", ", kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . ", "completely enlightening ", "the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures ", "it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , ", "especially clever ", "disagree ", "as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and ", "that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "can make people act weird ", "tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her ", "guts ", "his audience an epiphany ", "is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , ", "successfully blended satire ", "'s just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly ", "pleasingly ", "a pretty woman ", "exceptionally well-acted ", "laborious pacing ", "the bigger setpieces flat ", "punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' ", "the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . ", "make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . ", "that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . ", "add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments ", "the world 's most fascinating stories ", "the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times ", "really , really good things can come in enormous packages ", "take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , ", "implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . ", "'s hardly watchable ", "of good old-fashioned escapism ", "have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant ", "feel-good territory ", "an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . ", "is a real filmmaker ", "affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship ", "forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ", "by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . ", "absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and ", "been better ", "is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death ", "atrocious ", "deft sense ", "any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect ", "a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . ", "there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . ", "the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable . ", "stoked ", "take you places you have n't been , and also places you have ", "in reality it 's one tough rock . ", "such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . '' ", "family fare . ", "a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to ", "just too bratty for sympathy ", "it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three ", "'s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ", "well-defined ", "realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen ", "hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling ", "intimate contemplation ", "contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what ", "as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy ", "leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face ", "unremittingly ugly ", "are a little too big for her mouth ", "the perfect star vehicle for grant ", "are especially fine . ", "to care about the character ", "after being snared in its own tangled plot ", "erratic career ", "so many bad romances out there ", "a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera ", "makes the heart soar ", "although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness ", "while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . ", "most daring , and ", "like trying to eat brussels sprouts ", "sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables ", "acted ... but ", "a groundbreaking endeavor ", "the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half ", "makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing ", "striking about jolie 's performance ", "a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily ", "is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . ", "wishy-washy melodramatic movie ", "there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is ", "excellent latin actors of all ages ", "at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema ", "endure almost unimaginable horror ", "another unoriginal run ", "'s sharply comic and surprisingly touching ", "a fun , no-frills ride ", "appeal to asian cult cinema fans ", "whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude ", "hooked ", "of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name ", ", cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . ", "power and grace ", "a dreary movie . ", "attraction ", "even less capable ", "one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . ", "is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "the title , many can aspire but none can equal ", "amounts to surprisingly little ", ", soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . ", "slick and manufactured to claim street credibility ", "loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature ", "is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke ", "pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience ", "unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . ", "like a term paper ", "was better ", "make them laugh ", "none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even ", "gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . ", "passe ' ", "'s hardly any fun to watch ", "on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness ", "undercut by the voice of the star of road trip ", "the worst film of the year . ", "pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... ", ", annoying , heavy-handed ", "dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . ", "kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ", "one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ", "deliciously exploitative ", "beautiful images and solemn words ", "undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it ", "smart , romantic drama ", "provides ", "from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor ", ", graceless , hackneyed ", "be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . ", ", brisk delight ", "an unexpectedly sweet story of ", "it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle ", "high drama ", "if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . ", "the visual panache ", "a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "pale ", "benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness ", "the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ", "wal-mart budget ", "successful adaptation "], "label": [1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1]}
{"sentence": ["fascinate in their recklessness ", "deceptively simple , deeply satisfying ", "wedding feels a bit anachronistic . ", "is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . ", "one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then ", "if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . ", "is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings ", "coming-of-age comedy . ", "illness ", "far less enjoyable ", "nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ", "love it ... hell , i dunno . ", "her film ", "i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . ", "bad mixture ", "i liked about schmidt a lot ", "terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it ", "an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey ", "is n't mainly suspense or excitement . ", "'s stupid ", "'s back in form , with an astoundingly rich film ", "touched by this movie ", "why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad ", "that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie ", "a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , ", "is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten ", "solid base ", "the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , ", "a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer ", "have come to term an `` ambitious failure ", "one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes ", "so-called satire ", "begins to resemble the shapeless , ", "kiddie fantasy pablum ", "make creative contributions to the story and dialogue ", "of a typical american horror film ", "the simple fact ", "the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . ", "it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . ", "recalls the classics of early italian neorealism ", "dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch ", "in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself ", "to make of this italian freakshow ", "my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it ", "as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself ", "worst titles ", "excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope ", "a listless climb down the social ladder ", "than to show us a good time ", "and it is n't that funny . ", "is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ", "every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . ", "broken ", "low-rent -- and even lower-wit ", "bring something new into the mix ", "about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "sch\u00fctte 's dramatic snapshot ", "alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and ", ", there 's something creepy about this movie . ", "this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence ", "really cool ", "between the artificial structure ", ", the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . ", "in thick clouds of denial ", "the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure ", "the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . ", "a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with ", "deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "cinematic poet ", "so intimate and ", "und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . ", ", and even touching ", "truths ", "goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . ", "a child 's interest and an adult 's patience ", "succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack ", "is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself ", "a feel-good movie that ", "projector 's ", "is never satisfactory . ", "a fairy tale ", "thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . ", "the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . ", ", more playful tone ", "'s as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . ", "every moment crackles with tension , and ", "suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ", "barely shocking ", "pacino is the best he 's been in years ", "'s a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative ", "overlong and not well-acted , but ", "the grease ", "and immature character ", "jane wyman and ", ", he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . ", "miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . ", "with a large dose of painkillers ", "could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . ", "the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . ", "the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . ", "a photographic marvel ", "the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock ", "into a smart new comedy ", "suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme ", "special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . ", "many have made it out to be ", "wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . ", "it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career . ", "promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip ", "disjointed mess ", "and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . ", "exceptional to justify a three hour running time ", "of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with ", "a provocative piece ", "davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . ", "polished and ", "uncomfortably real ", "needlessly ", "reflective and beautifully ", "energetic and always surprising performance ", "there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . ", "deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later ", "lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", "would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ", "insufferable ball ", "eloquent , deeply felt meditation ", "degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . ", "that is really funny ", "a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid ", "the punch lines ", "develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "also a -- dare i say it twice -- ", "ferocity and ", "the action as gripping ", "normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad ", "too long has ignored ", "are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before ", "uniqueness ", "of cinema 's directorial giants ", "we have no idea what in creation is going on ", "watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . ", "greater ", "old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles ", "what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in ", "an irresistible , languid romanticism ", "-- full of life and small delights -- ", "a whimper ", "a love song to the movies ", "best script ", "a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy ", "more bizarre ", "very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes ", "a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode ", "have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat ", "could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up ", "brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ", "the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound ", "not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but ", "comes across as a fairly weak retooling . ", "is about grief ", "too damn weird ", "is that it does n't make any sense . ", "contrived plot points ", "of a good vampire tale ", "ineffable ", "put you to sleep ", "absurdities ", "constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . ", "has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . ", "skullduggery and ", "both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise ", "a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny ", "a showcase ", "a sleep-inducing thriller with a single ", "enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , ", "crippled by poor casting . ", "wilco fans will have a great time , and ", "polanski 's best film ", "it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies ", "had gone in for pastel landscapes . ", "the brawn , but not ", "rolling over ", ", knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . ", "starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming ", "that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . ", "more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach ", "does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . ", "famed charisma ", "a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation ", "an action hero with table manners ", "powerful and universal ", "an often intense character study about fathers ", "bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . ", "that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 ", "directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "genre a bad name ", "from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own ", "sloppy , amusing ", "manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . ", "is to frighten and disturb ", "a skillful fisher ", "that 's as crisp and to the point ", "sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . ", "in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ", "above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor ", "of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor ", "the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant ", "the creative act ", "rigor ", "unlikable , ", "even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other ", "oversexed , at times ", "as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough ", "'s invigorating about ", "are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . ", "so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . ", "tepid ", "the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving ", "extraordinarily rich ", "all movies ", "no cute factor ", "generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . ", ", secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . ", "is clever and funny ", "plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . ", "like a spectator and not a participant ", "of america , history and the awkwardness of human life ", "demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but ", "few good ideas ", "my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ", "is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for ", "may have to keep on looking . ", "really need a remake of `` charade ", "it is interminable ", "mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . ", "captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse ", "the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls ", "drags it ", "this is a big , juicy role ", "to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose ", "memorable performances ", "devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . ", "a modern motion picture ", "ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . ", "plaintiveness ", "'s most offensive ", "a prostitute ", "an effectively chilling guilty pleasure ", "'s clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . ", "it 's not an easy one to review . ", "secretary is just too original to be ignored . ", "uncompromising film ", ", fat , dumb ", ", consistently funny . ", "is consistently amusing and engrossing ... ", "is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . ", "an earnest , roughshod document ", "by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout ", "i just did n't care ", "are immaculate ", "paint-by-numbers ", "brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . ", "it does n't take itself so deadly seriously ", "to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film ", "about otherwise dull subjects ", "begins on a high note ", "for nice evening out ", "a humorless journey into a philosophical void . ", "masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . ", "it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . ", "a kingdom more mild than wild ", "much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame ", "are great rewards ", "struggle tragically ", "at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . ", "the year 's worst cinematic tragedies ", "very ", "'s a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . ", "more slowly ", "that 's low on both suspense and payoff ", "that it ends up being surprisingly dull ", "makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty ", "plot contrivances ", "in its own simplicity ", "beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game ", "dull and ankle-deep ", "'s difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . ", "add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . ", "soul-searching garbage . ", "silly-looking ", "like a party ", "yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , ", "the right place ", "than what 's been cobbled together onscreen ", "his impressively delicate range ", "hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion ", "is mesmerizing ", "a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil ", ", violent , self-indulgent and maddening ", "artsy fantasy sequences -- ", "slap her - she 's not funny ! ", "at how much we care about the story ", "built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness ", "but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . ", "genre gem ", "deliciously ", "knucklehead ", "it 's still terrible ! ", "is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . ", "rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . ", "of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", ", this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . ", "is validated by the changing composition of the nation ", "enjoyable documentary . ", "seem deceptively slight ", "come with the warning `` ", "to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation ", ", sobering , heart-felt drama ", "brave , uninhibited performances ", "quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks ", "coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements ", "that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated ", "coos beseechingly at you ", "ends up falling short as a whole ", "everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious ", "it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case ", "flair and bouncing bravado ", "amazingly successful ", "funny documentary ", "'s not very good ", "captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . ", "into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style ", "'s never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon ", "the seemingly irreconcilable situation ", "alexander payne 's ode to the everyman ", "as powerful rather than cloying ", "congrats disney on a job well done ", "bring tissues ", "children behave like adults and everyone ", "adventures ", "hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . ", "jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing ", "mostly honest ", "intelligent , realistic portrayal ", "a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images ", "uncinematic but ", "does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' ", "but not without cheesy fun factor . ", "a good music documentary ", "... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . ", "total misfire ", "being forceful , sad without being shrill ", "astringent wit ", "what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and ", "genuinely worthwhile ", "is a complete mess ", "for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent ", "the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . ", "the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly ", "did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy ", "media-soaked ", "could dredge up ", "that even in sorrow you can find humor ", "it is very difficult to care about the character , ", "an astonishingly witless script ", "trying to laugh at how bad ", "even a plot ", "a stylish psychological thriller ", "movie gauge ", "a vivid , sometimes surreal , ", "everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth ", "the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness ", "the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama ", "a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing ", "tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . ", "the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears ", "is way too indulgent ", "is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . ", "in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . ", "put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . ", "they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . ", "agonizing ", "'s the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough ", "it 's all quite tasteful to look at ", "is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs ", "not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture ", "emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort ", "an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity ", "a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ", "may not be a great piece of filmmaking ", "layered , well-developed characters and some surprises ", "complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . ", "a solid , well-formed satire ", "does its predecessors proud . ", "this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , ", "to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up ", "the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films ", "works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era ", "the ridicule factor ", "it definitely gives you something to chew on ", "that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", "'s not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek ", "picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film ", "being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 ", "plucking tension from quiet ", "slow down ", "( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . ", "a flair for dialogue comedy ", "a day at the beach ", "find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . ", "the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images ", "through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse ", "bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) ", "is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . ", "though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess . ", "give credit to affleck ", "it 's splash without the jokes . ", "it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . ", "painfully unfunny ", "smart jokes ", "genteel and ", "of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh ", "rich , and strange ", "shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . ", "terrific computer graphics ", "convinced that these women are spectacular ", "tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- ", "to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) ", "still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch ", "1987 ", "feel like time fillers between surf shots . ", "beautiful stars ", "congrats disney on a job ", "none of this is very original , and ", "the rich promise of the script ", "an adrenaline boost ", "just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile ", ", duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . ", "allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors ", "grotesque and boring ", "reeking ", "borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . ", "as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . ", "of inexcusable dumb innocence ", "solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me . ", "'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' ", "spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . ", "ensemble cast ", "of artificial suspense ", "'s so not-at-all-good ", "mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , ", "this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . ", "outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks ", "is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes ", "low , very low , very very low ", "enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . ", "good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad ", "engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , ", "lazy , ", "the term epic cinema ", "each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top ", "the movie 's captivating details ", "most battered women ", "invitingly upbeat overture ", "no good inside dope , and no particular bite ", "emphasized ", "stay away . ", ", smartly played and smartly directed . ", "the waterlogged script ", "starting ", ", proves it 's never too late to learn . ", "illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . ", "like the similarly ill-timed antitrust ", "do a homage ", "will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . ", "dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace ", "of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ", "a landmark in film history ", "slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease ", "villains ", "the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . ", "unoriginal mess ", "its engaging simplicity ", "uni-dimensional ", "like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . ", "a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "creepiness ", "self-hatred and ", "without passion or politics ", "its most delightful moments ", "ample ", "more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned ", "the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film ", "satisfactorily ", "here of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "anemic ", "son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . ", "particularly memorable or even all that funny ", "it must be the end of the world : ", "start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line ", "amused ", "a ` direct-to-video ' release ", "a child 's interest and ", "a minimalist beauty and the beast ", "surprises or delights ", "is as close as you can get to an imitation movie ", "i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . ", "it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . ", "a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con ", "guessing plot and ", "apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . ", "where this was lazy but enjoyable ", "of a 20-car pileup ", "it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . ", "a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project ", "baffled the folks in the marketing department ", "erotic ", "90-minute dud ", "nice piece of work . ", "of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ", "in amusing us ", "thematically ", "sing beautifully and ", "grown-up film ", "viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess . ", "not smart or barbed enough for older viewers ", "reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls ", "`` empire '' lacks in depth ", "'s hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby ", "'ll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . ", "succeeds through sincerity ", "what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . ", "little mermaid ", "genial is the conceit , ", "its old-hat set-up and predictable plot ", "an inept , tedious spoof of '70s ", "washed out ", "join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ", "fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "as inept ", "one of the worst of the entire franchise ", "have the patience for it ", "lovely ", ", it 's a lyrical endeavor . ", "to the flowering of the south korean cinema ", "wears out ", "a reasonable degree ", "a fault ", "if you 're not deeply touched by this movie ", "sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh ", "is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . ", "see a devastating comic impersonation ", "that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment ", "the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . ", "to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots ", "art-house gay porn film ", "was n't at least watchable ", ", but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . ", "more sophisticated and ", "a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade ", "rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . ", "after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock ", "different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "action laudable ", "the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore ", "is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' ", "an absurdist spider web . ", "thirst ", "playful and ", "as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation ", "sassy ", "earnest and heartfelt ", "duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . ", "the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable . ", "assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . ", "inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth ", "funny and human ", "unerring respect ", "effecting change ", "virtuosic ", "an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop ", "of technical skill and rare depth ", "every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . ", "beautifully ", "invented to describe exactly how bad it is ", "leatherbound ", ", is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . ", "an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients ", ", spirited away is a triumph of imagination ", "into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ", "comes together as a coherent whole . ", "plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . ", "running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often ", "... too sappy for its own good . ", "be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black ", "defies classification ", "a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions ", "the source material movie ", "a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . ", "a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- ", "a much funnier film ", "entertaining and ", "fun , popcorn movies ", "animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 ", "gooding is the energetic frontman , and ", "as shameful ", "should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . ", "she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground ", ", carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . ", "is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . ", "suitably kooky which should appeal to women ", "is a poem to the enduring strengths of women ", "be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service ", "engaging and intimate ", "has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon ", "it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . ", "greatest teacher ", "black-and-white psychedelia ", "excellent storytelling ", "the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks ", "its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline ", "the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- ", "neil burger 's impressive fake documentary ", "given a part worthy of her considerable talents ", "have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament ", "the tragedy beneath it ", "watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through . ", "it 's not entirely memorable ", "a jackie chan movie ", "bad name ", "the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ", "ferrara 's best film ", "while his characters are acting horribly ", "are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it ", "petty thievery ", "seem odd bedfellows ", "if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . ", "roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph ", "well spent ", "witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . ", "works spectacularly well ", ", fetishistic violence ", "forgets ", "devolves into a laugh-free lecture . ", "spy-savvy siblings ", "thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser ", "bogus spiritualism ", "'s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters ", "all the halfhearted zeal ", "gets bogged down over 140 minutes ", "the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , ", "enjoyably ", "is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast ", "numb experience of watching o fantasma ", "past his prime ", "it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . ", "lifting the pedestal higher ", "a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . ", ", ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . ", "that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , ", "a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle ", "rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season ", "pure ", "comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama ", "the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present ", "is even lazier and far less enjoyable . ", "make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic ", "scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it ", "resuscitate ", "mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity ", "in a bid to hold our attention ", "grueling ", "the discomfort and embarrassment ", "presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ", "with morality ", "a pretentious mess ... ", "bolstered by exceptional performances and ", "that tries to be smart ", "surprises you ", "some startling , surrealistic moments ", "disappoint the action ", "there surrender $ 9 ", "to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "want to pack raw dough in my ears ", "both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... ", ", political intrigue , partisans and sabotage ", "o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing ", "it is repetitious ", "had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "remains surprisingly idealistic ", "layers ", "neither as scary-funny as tremors ", "it attractive throughout ", "uselessly redundant and ", "enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies ", "suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it ", "the incessant use ", "that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well ", "suck the audience in ", "how pertinent its dynamics remain ", "written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience ", "hit on a 15-year old ", "'re drawn in by the dark luster ", "the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . ", "it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "he 's not good with people . ", "nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore ", "you 'll enjoy this movie . ", "wastes its time on mood ", "swings and jostles ", "the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . ", "most refreshing about real women have curves ", "loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction ", "stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony ", "might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around ", "the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made ", "to be startled when you 're almost dozing ", "if the full monty was a freshman fluke ", "aan opportunity wasted . ", "a cut above the rest ", "academic ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and ", "the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days ", "probably will enjoy themselves . ", "one of the most splendid ", "a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "odd bedfellows ", "does little here but point at things that explode into flame ", "it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "have otherwise been bland and ", "thinking someone made off with your wallet ", "is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . ", "a long , unfunny one at that ", "the surprisingly somber conclusion ", "are neither original ", "could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen ", "is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing ", "the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ", "walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity ", "it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ", ", you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . ", "laid back ", "the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull ", "the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial ", "shrill and ", "none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or ", "here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . ", "watch if you only had a week to live ", "one of the most genuinely sweet films ", "has a huge heart ", "can be considered work ", "there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . ", "least ", "satisfactory overview ", "exceedingly clever ", "lyrical and celebratory vision ", "really bad ", "a 95-minute commercial ", "powerful young actor ", "something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "the laughs ", "visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . ", "what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . ", "hates its characters ", "inadvertent ", ", and ", "stress ` dumb . ' ", "a brilliant motion picture ", "as bad at it is cruel ", "transcendent love story ", "filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo ", "recommend it for its originality alone ", "arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . ", "drag audience enthusiasm ", "terrorist attacks ", "it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but ", "world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists ", "well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant ", "is that it does n't make any sense ", "is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself ", "no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . ", "the fine star performances ", "brash , intelligent and ", "his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it ", "lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow ", "a monopoly on mindless action ", "even more reassuring ", "slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . ", "versatile stanley kwan ", "just as endearing and easy ", "seem goofy ", "murky ", "except as a harsh conceptual exercise ", "screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "a light , ", "lina ", "distinctly sub-par ... ", "'s a rather listless amble down ", "solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . ", "a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions ", "of great monster/science fiction flicks ", "what may be the performances of their careers ", "though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . ", "is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . ", "any less psycho ", "weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil ", "movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly ", "a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye matinee . ", "that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't . ", "resonant chord ", "dragons ", "will love its fantasy and adventure ", "demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . ", "too loud , too goofy and ", "by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . ", "such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant ", "seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending ", "could have been crisper and punchier , but ", "98 ", "pompous ", "a feel-good fantasy ", "mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . ", "should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn ", "a movie with no reason for being ", "the characters move with grace and panache ", "annoying ", "'ve looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . ", "the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . ", "the very hollowness ", "a relative letdown . ", "it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . ", "exuberantly ", "connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . ", "and wonderful creatures ", "maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension ", "into a deadly bore ", "similar obsessions can dominate a family ", "pitiful , slapdash disaster . ", "it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . ", "balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other ", "render it anything but laughable ", "strange and beautiful film . ", "an all-around good time ", "unfolds with grace and humor and gradually ", "his most ardent fans ", "immensely enjoyable ", "`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . ", "more chaotic than entertaining ", ", no-frills ride ", "is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear ", "get out your pooper-scoopers . ", "goose things up ", "bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . ", "one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . ", "while it may not add up to the sum of its parts ", "stands as one of the great films about movie love . ", "the most edgy piece of disney animation ", "making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden ", "even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . ", "are they like humans , only hairier ", "gives hollywood sequels ", "non-techies can enjoy ", "why it works ", "in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . ", "that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy ", "silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie ", "the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original ", "a doa ", "'s the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more ", ", endearing ", "with an enormous amount of affection ", "atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation ", "danis ", "were paying dues for good books unread ", ", dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot ", "the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives ", "a chilling tale ", "ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . ", "like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . ", "the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo ", "a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . ", "become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one ", "a charmer from belgium ", "a stirring , funny and ", "decisive ", "some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok ", "sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment ", "the unnamed , easily substitutable forces ", "to honor the many faceless victims ", "with an artistry that also smacks of revelation ", "lulls you into a gentle waking coma ", "exuberant openness ", "plodding teen remake ", "idealistic kid ", "is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country ", "certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . ", "has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day ", "is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw ", "along looking for astute observations and coming up blank ", "damn funny ", "'ll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ", "loved it ", "of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun ", "of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life ", "tasteful little revision works ", "low-brow humor , ", ", it is a failure . ", "a-list players ", "no steve martin ", "so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament ", "the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights ", "whether you can tolerate leon barlow ", "sincere , and just ", "is a little too in love ", "with crude humor and vulgar innuendo ", "told well by a master storyteller ", "sluggish pace and lack ", "the need for national health insurance ", "as it is , it 's too long and unfocused . ", "a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent ", "imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial ", "heartache everyone ", "binks ", "hard to say who might enjoy this ", "'s hard to like a film so cold and dead ", "gives it a buoyant delivery ", "even gritty enough ", "is a tale worth catching . ", "to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances ", "regard ", "mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "an intriguing species ", "hold dear about cinema , ", "starts off witty and sophisticated and ", ", loud , bang-the-drum ", "clever concept ", "fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) ", "there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; ", "tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage ", "get ", "a backseat in his own film ", "at hostile odds with one another ", "looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad ", "call me a cynic , ", "an almost palpable sense of intensity ", "admirable quality ", "something more user-friendly ", "luminous ", "every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . ", "'s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer ", "certainly ", "has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . ", "a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but ", "third-rate horror sequels ", "a smart ", ", what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? ", "lacks a sense of dramatic urgency ", "emotionally and narratively complex ", "go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans ", "letdown ", "will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ", "the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . ", "is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action ", "so-so slapstick ", "what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky . ", "an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . ", "hypnotically dull , ", "as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year ", "a black hole of dullness ", "of an adoring , wide-smiling reception ", "an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema ", "incredibly ", "bad direction and bad acting -- ", "worse , ", "so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles ", "is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses ", "best movies ", "a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation ", "your kids ", "few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works ", "an experience that is richer than anticipated ", "... is , also , frequently hilarious . ", "good ", "phony ", "are a little peculiar ", "has little insight into the historical period and its artists ", "broad streaks of common sense ", "watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , ", "i 'm guessing the director is a magician . ", ", poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . ", "by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others ", "offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future ", "dilutes the pleasure of watching them ", "'s so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller ", "works on no level whatsoever for me ", "would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special ", "slippery self-promoter ", "parapsychological ", "make paid in full worth seeing ", "rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ", "where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks ", "in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "smart-aleck movie ", "its plot contrivances ", "the screenplay or something ", "was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ", "a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror ", "worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids ", "'' or `` suck '' ", "and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . ", "an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones ", "is japanese and yet feels universal ", ", doing its namesake proud ", "is masterful . ", "boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun ", "it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones ", "a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters ", "ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . ", "the year 's most intriguing movie experiences ", "a finely written , ", "sweet , genuine ", "they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . ", "sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls ", "is entertaining . ", "interesting and at times ", "could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ", "'s hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter ", "plodding picture ", "take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . ", "silly summer entertainment ", "so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart ", "how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ", "can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain ", "vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm ", "to a spectacular completion one ", "collateral damage is trash , but ", "you value your time and money ", "could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one ", "some of the camera work is interesting ", ", but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity ", "sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , ", "is certainly amusing ", "a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings ", "are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "bug-eye theater and dead-eye ", "be a total washout ", "an imaginative filmmaker ", "conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle ", "a dime ", "all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh ", "is strong as always . ", "i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "these women are spectacular ", "reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race ", "the holes in this film remain agape ", "be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie ", "rich visual clarity and deeply ", "is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . ", "to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt ", "one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . ", "whiny and ", "tiresome love triangles ", "starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery ", "audience-pleaser ", "where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still ", "of director john stockwell ", "directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . ", "stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , ", "to do a little fleeing of its own ", "quiet , confident ", "a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable ", "poking their genitals into fruit pies ", "it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison ", "out ballsy and stylish ", "be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' ", "by top-billed star bruce willis ", "that remains vividly in memory long ", "have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . ", "worldly knowledge ", "i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy . ", "absurd collection ", "the worst kind of mythologizing ", "into the art film pantheon ", "might like and more experimental in its storytelling ", "deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them ", "this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . ", "replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "the courage of its convictions ", "ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . ", "the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone ", "a clear-eyed portrait ", "make it worth watching ", "the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . ", "for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . ", "is visually ravishing ", "are what makes it worth the trip to the theater ", "humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life ", "loud , silly , stupid and pointless . ", "so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer ", "it ultimately delivers ", "filled with love for the movies of the 1960s ", "crossing-over ", "'s leaden and predictable ", ", it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . ", "` refreshing ", "best and most unpredictable comedy ", "cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels ", "the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest ", "if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . ", "wiseman is patient and ", "saccharine sentimentality ", "with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . ", "still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . ", "engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . ", "of bittersweet camaraderie and history ", "marginal characters ", "'s so devoid of joy and energy ", "dying a slow death ", "on it ", "that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and ", "which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting ", "convincing case ", "is not easily dismissed or forgotten . ", "it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period ", "steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph ", "this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism ", "hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . ", "miraculous movie ", "japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . ", "kinda dumb ", "riveting profile ", "slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "a visionary ", "within the seas of their personalities ", "a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** ", "after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . ", "pay reparations to viewers ", "by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot ", "gets clunky on the screen ", "suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis ", "of breathtaking mystery ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , ", "looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . ", "the last metro ) ", "great saturday night live sketch ", "green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . ", "seem graceless and ugly ", "have a barrie good time ", "about as enjoyable ", "several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "crafted ", "the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . ", "patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . ", "'s even more remarkable ", "during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ", "do a little fleeing of its own ", "an ungainly movie ", "the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time . ", "deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . ", "'s lovely ", "for two directors with far less endearing disabilities ", "should n't the reality seem at least passably real ", "welcomed ", "'s not too much of anything . ", "starts as an intense political and psychological thriller ", "sinks into an abyss of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music ", "were the people who paid to see it . ", "by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment ", "even though i could not stand them ", "because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ", "in hero worship ", "for all its shoot-outs ", "is flawed ", "which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "thornberrys movie ", "an exquisite motion picture ", "seems like someone going through the motions . ", "good fight ", "expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women ", "'ll be rewarded with some fine acting . ", "two hours feel like four ", "gently ", "absurdist spider web . ", "been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion ", "be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? ", "a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "some very good acting , ", "ambivalence ", "heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ", "an angel simplicity ", "to its great credit ", "it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day ", "lurid and less ", "a new treasure of the hermitage ", "there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . ", "what i liked about it ", "a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , ", "no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge ", "the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . ", "it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ", "this fascinating look at israel in ferment ", "of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition . ", "neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . ", "is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it ", "distinguished actor ", "cheesy ", "did n't have an original bone in his body ", "a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . ", "one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage ", "the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . ", "a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing ", "trivializing it ", "in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . ", "affable if not timeless ", "insufferable movie ", "i liked the movie , but ", "it 's sweet and fluffy at the time ", "never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ", "the inherent absurdity ", "of the unsung heroes of 20th century ", "sex ", "is also as unoriginal ", "with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil ", "showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . ", "are the greatest musicians of all time . ", "a gem ", "under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name ", "'s characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . ", "fulfill ", "has something significant to say ", "as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ", "off his game ", "go to a picture-perfect beach ", "tight and truthful ", "efficient ", ", but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . ", "off spookily enough ", "you wo n't care ", "could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ", "awe and affection -- and ", "an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . ", "sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers ", "for most of the characters ", "look no further ", "fact , ", "'s an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal ", "though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent ", "soulful , scathing and joyous ", "is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough ", "be careful what you wish for ", "is not entirely successful ", "lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed ", "smugly ", "yet the act is still charming here . ", "it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . ", "potent ", "an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities ", "enjoyed ", "jolie 's hideous yellow ", "there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable ", "or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' ", "a new favorite musical ", "pitifully ", "rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes ", "about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . ", "thoughtful , unapologetically raw ", "a masterpiece -- ", "the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . ", "winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . ", "the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . ", "in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles ", "to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life ", "short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . ", "forced ", "a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film ", "such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating ", "is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "so convincing ", "thanks to huston 's revelatory performance ", "its broad racial insensitivity ", "exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small ", "shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels ", "right into the center of that world ", "make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe ", "satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale ", "provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket ", "... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . ", "tanks . ", "this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . ", "the yawning chasm where the plot should be ", "follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films ", "a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . ", "ugly , mean-spirited lashing ", "really bad imitation ", "fall dreadfully short ", "there is truth here ", "rich , bittersweet israeli documentary ", "are worth the price of admission ", "fingering problems than finding solutions ", "the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", ", this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . ", "can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . ", "plays like clueless does south fork . ", "shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . ", "slopped ", "that should have been the ultimate imax trip ", "turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . ", "not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . ", "does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along ", "a beguiling freshness ", "cultural identity ", "uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely ", "schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , ", "are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . ", "a worthy idea ", ", this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ", "is not as well-conceived as either of those films ", "the story itself is actually quite vapid . ", "it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . ", "enough to sit through crap like this ", "well-formed satire ", "more and more frustrating ", "very smart ", "could n't stand to hear ", "quality band ", "if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine ", "... stale and uninspired . ", "works on some levels and ", "religion that dares to question an ancient faith , ", "irrelevant ", "way off ", "lived in a state of quiet desperation ", "i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care . ", "offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes ", "boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp ", "sentimental cliches ", "it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . ", "by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat ", ", unsubtle and hollywood-predictable ", "a light , fun cheese puff ", "sharp comedy ", "is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . ", "pascale bailly 's rom-com provides am\u00e9lie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest . ", "never fails to entertain ", "mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute ", "that carries a charge of genuine excitement ", "( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... ", "farts , urine , feces , semen , or ", "must have baffled the folks in the marketing department ", "smartly and wistfully ", "tired stereotypes ", "it will just as likely make you weep , ", "impacts ", "i liked this film a lot ... ", "the occasional bursts ", "beautifully shot , delicately ", "been there done that ", "works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful ", "to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ", "begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain ", "me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here ", "a masterfully made one ", "induces headaches more slowly ", "good humor ", "three sides of his story with a sensitivity ", "mess ", "a moving tale of love and destruction ", "steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . ", "provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history ", "afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket ", "fresh point ", "captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . ", "one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . ", "laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor ", "coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and ", ", still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema ", "its story is only surface deep ", "that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad ", "need agile performers ", "stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . ", "'s an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again ", "a good chance of being the big ", "its success ", "it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater ", "an ingenious and often harrowing ", "what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . ", ", an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . ", "is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . ", "very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . ", "it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is ", "deliberately and devotedly constructed ", "thrusts the audience ", "worst harangues ", "fighting off the urge to doze ", "breakthrough ", "fluid ", "because the film deliberately lacks irony ", "animated movies in quite a while ", "'s a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening ", "good-naturedly ", "enjoying himself immensely ", "grenade ", "savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . ", "a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii ", "seem smart and well-crafted ", "that steal your heart away ", "emotional gravity ", "sordid and ", "it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out . ", "that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties ", "a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona ", "do n't work in concert . ", "has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . ", "the utter cuteness ", "an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries ", "a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . ", "there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . ", "seeking an existent anti-virus ", "of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own ", "few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . ", "the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , ", "diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack ", "generosity ", "an uplifting , near-masterpiece ", "just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ", "a satisfying evening at the multiplex ", "tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . '' ", "predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . ", "disappointing ", "warm , fuzzy ", "you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . ", "a little too smugly ", "laughs are lacking ", "the predictability of bland comfort food ", "'ll feel as the credits roll ", "deft and subtle ", "no special effects , and no hollywood endings ", "'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . ", "the artsy and often pointless visuals ", "thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes ", "love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . ", "style and empathy ", "self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash ", "are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya ", "even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "an utterly incompetent conclusion ", "the plot offers few surprises ", "the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . ", "scandal ", "are typical sandler fare ", "honesty ", "inspiring and pure joy ", "with celluloid garbage ", "long and tedious ", "( unintentionally ) funniest moments ", "become dullingly repetitive ", "kind , unapologetic ", "sacrificed for the sake of spectacle ", "in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level ", "be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ", "cop flick cliches ", "'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , ", "terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . ", "carries you along in a torrent of emotion ", "too few laughs ", "unfortunately , it 's also not very good . ", "a beautiful food entr\u00e9e that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless ", "is amazing ", "allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . ", "difficulty ", "conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here ", "'s badder than bad ", "pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics ", "many such biographical melodramas ", "to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and ", "distasteful and downright creepy ", "most virtuous limits ", "reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , ", "more focused ", "makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy ", "... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . ", "as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . ", "one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . ", "the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure ", "fright ", "you ca n't wait to see end . ", "rather toothless take ", "say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "classical actress ", "a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clich\u00e9s ", "to little more than punishment ", "out of eudora welty ", "'s like rocky and bullwinkle on speed ", "african american professionals ", "hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- ", "raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . ", "if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . ", "sillier ", "savvy director robert j. siegel and ", "big bloody stew ", "for all the wrong reasons besides . ", "hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring ", "`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' ", "bizarre developments ", "the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment ", "into this somewhat tired premise ", "the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling ", "is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . ", "davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . ", "are odd and pixilated and ", "top shelf ", "exciting documentary ", "this is the best star trek movie in a long time . ", "over his head ", "often contradictory ", "fully realized story ", "is just as boring and as obvious ", "with their fathers ", "the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . ", "of scorn ", "you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' ", "you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works ", "quite touching ", "is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . ", ", you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . ", "live-wire film ", "but certainly not without merit ", "sparking debate and encouraging thought ", "the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but ", "large cast ", "as the long-faced sad sack ", "brave , uninhibited ", "i 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... ", "high-wattage brainpower ", "in your face for two hours ", "destruction ", "at his most sparkling ", "most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . ", "that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective ", "it was particularly funny ", "are great rewards here ", "seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable ", "adaptation is simply brilliant . ", "laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling ", "reminds us of our own responsibility ", "about a family 's joyous life ", "wildly careening tone ", "that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him ", "comes across as lame and sophomoric ", "would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows ", "is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another ", "effectively creepy-scary thriller ", "a modestly surprising movie . ", "has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ", "its excellent use ", "hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? ", "a feeble tootsie knockoff . ", "which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "liked ", "watchable ", "so awful ", "i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : ", "from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ", "it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery ", ", you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . ", "everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . ", "susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up ", "from a woodland stream ", "of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work ", "slap her ", "americans ", "is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . ", "an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) ", "strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . ", "strangling the life out ", "a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look ", "esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . ", "a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant ", "you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins ", "with strangeness than excellence ", "a brutal 90-minute battle sequence ", "painfully redundant and inauthentic ", "god help us ", "most entertaining moments ", "collapses like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 . ", "of the unsalvageability ", "so many red herrings , ", "comes off as a touching , transcendent love story ", "is a hoot , ", "the intricate preciseness ", "but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . ", "speaks more of the season than the picture ", "a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers ", "is too mainstream ", "a poem to the enduring strengths of women ", "into this turkey ", "gifted performers ", "is intriguing ", "the unacceptable , ", "be compelling , amusing and unsettling ", "determination to inject farcical raunch ", "low-budget and tired ", "looks wonderful ", "only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy ", "that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him ", "plot and paper-thin supporting characters ", "this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . ", "engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ", "a love affair ", "faulty ", "wind up as glum as mr. de niro ", "'s hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . ", "seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers ", "open-hearted film ", "charming but slight tale ", "is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout ", "a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! ", "if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . ", "producer john penotti ", "to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it ", "it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it ", "could n't come up with a better script . ", "stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy ", "... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . ", "gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters ", "with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long ", "despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . ", "an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary ", "with grace and humor and gradually ", "extraordinarily good ", "contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ", "'s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke ", "michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ... ", "near-masterpiece ", "miscalculates badly ", "dumped ", "in sorrow ", "go back to sleep . ", "make paid in full worth seeing . ", "a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . ", "fresh ", "graphic violence ", "it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker ", "to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "her agreeably startling use of close-ups ", "diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . ", "an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher ", "you can practically hear george orwell turning over . ", "it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . ", "the film itself is small and shriveled ", "a good race , ", "a complicated hero ", "as deep as a petri dish ", "is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . ", "in that are generally not heard on television ", "utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- ", "the most enchanting film ", "sucked ", "implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses ", "a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . ", "chris ", "gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown ", "none-too-funny ", "disposable story ", "bad idea ", "fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less ", "were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . ", "disguising this ", "sharper , cleaner script ", "weepy melodrama ", "wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . ", "impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change ", "emotionally vapid ", "boring talking heads , ", "a well-made and satisfying thriller ", "a wildly entertaining ", "a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same ", "an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; ", "a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john ", "poignant if familiar story of a young person ", "banal bore ", ", not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ", "is kinda wrong in places ", "bright shining star ", "of cerebral and cinemantic flair ", "clotted ", "the sexuality ", "as moronic as some campus gross-out films ", "woody allen has really found his groove these days . ", "comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . ", "the last 15 minutes ", "do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ", "consistently funny ", "unrelated shorts ", "it stinks ", "quirky at moments ", "a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york ", "several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . ", "boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ", "captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . ", "no surprises ", "search of purpose or even a plot ", "a heroic tale ", "fried in pork ", "swill ", "of oral storytelling frozen onto film ", "a powerful look ", "meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import ", "is interesting ", "murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... ", "feels homogenized and a bit contrived ", "huge heart ", "scruffy , dopey old ", "ame and unnecessary . ", "for the tube ", "nothing wrong with performances here , ", "a terrifically entertaining specimen ", "to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks ", "touching and funny ", "ahola ) ", "that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium ", "its usual worst ", "are both excellent , ", "demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake ", "a family-oriented non-disney film ", "ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , ", ", you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 has been unturned . ", "to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life ", "clich\u00e9d and ", "of french cinema at its best ", "wanting to abandon the theater ", "if only it were , well , funnier . ", "as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . ", "remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating ", "to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "the art direction is often exquisite , ", "that everyone can enjoy ", "any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one ", "will leave fans clamoring for another ride ", "sugar '' admirably ", "is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike ", "entertaining itself ", "thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie ", "audacity and openness ", "the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian ", "the movie is silly beyond comprehension ", "asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . ", "piecing the story together frustrating difficult ", "'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . ", "is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . ", "photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen ", "you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles ", "thoroughly entertaining comedy that ", "it should be done cinematically ", "the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play ", "wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . ", "bad things ", "is sure to win viewers ' hearts ", ", mean-spirited lashing ", "wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too ", "in its understanding , often funny way ", "jazzy new revisionist theories ", "matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . ", "made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . ", "you doze off thirty minutes into the film ", "such a horrible movie ", "over-indulgent ", "uncanny tale ", "vintage looney tunes ", "there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ", "that might be best forgotten ", "when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain ", "bad bluescreen ", "being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project ", "the film never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad , ", "business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen ", "does n't try to surprise us with plot twists ", "stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence ", "take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly ", "is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ", "of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure ", "barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 ", "innovative ", "a guilt-free trip ", "it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . ", "squandering ", "finally revel in its splendor ", "'s as good as you remember . ", "no special effects , and ", "think of this dog of a movie ", "is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . ", "nothing in it to engage children emotionally ", ", you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . ", "nevertheless efficiently ", "but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . ", "taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit ", "as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension ", "the movie is silly beyond comprehension , ", "a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche ", "a grating ", "most multilayered and sympathetic female characters ", "stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid ", "a good cast ", "maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul ", "some of the more overtly silly dialogue ", "lousy one ", "die ", "so primitive in technique ", "learned the hard way just ", "believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals ", "are your cup of blood ", ", today , can prevent its tragic waste of life ", "has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . ", "is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . ", "it would be easy for critics to shred it ", "a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . ", "it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , ", "achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions ", "charismatic charmer ", "the same old silliness ", "is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch ", ") profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment ", "a good alternative ", "'s anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . ", "our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- ", "fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them ", "this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . ", ", but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s . ", "a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out ", "far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid ", "what a pity ", "leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . ", "can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . ", "engrossing film ", "it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say ", "hilarious ode ", "ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . ", "spreads them pretty thin ", "a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . ", "kissing ", "unimpressively ", "secretary ", "perfect performance ", "though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . ", "left a few crucial things out , ", "provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . ", "an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . ", "exceeds expectations ", "offers no easy , comfortable resolution ", "the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks ", "is nonjudgmental , and ", "exceptional film ", "worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "'s a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . ", "lameness ", ": the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . ", "genuine excitement ", "transcend ", "weighted down with slow ", "has some of the best special effects ", "thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances ", "a gentle and engrossing character ", "is way , way off ", "an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar ", "'s a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can ", "show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song ", "you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out ", "relegated to the background -- a welcome step ", "twohy 's a good yarn-spinner ", "lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all . ", "its great credit ", "a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "tremendous , offbeat sense ", "bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material ", "it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true . ", "a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them ", "that satisfies , as comfort food often can ", "antic spirits ", "enormously entertaining movie ", "the achingly unfunny phonce ", "comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . ", "makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend ", "little action , ", "in a sick , twisted sort of way ", "the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions ", "make fun of me for liking showgirls ", "third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby ! ", "adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed ", "cusack 's just brilliant in this . ", "you 'll still have a good time . '' ", "sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts ", "a sense of real magic , perhaps ", "do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit ", "are moments of hilarity to be had . ", "overstating ", "the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public ", "creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic ", "ghetto fabulousness ", "remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics ", "enjoy the film ", "so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . ", "has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . ", "something entertaining ", "mordantly funny and intimately knowing ... ", "outstanding soundtrack ", "these people are really going to love the piano teacher . ", "cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . ", "keeps you guessing at almost every turn ", "to cram too many ingredients into one small pot ", "yelling in your face for two hours ", "an opportunity missed . ", "of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief ", "'s a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud ", "blatant and sickening product placement ", "the big-screen scooby ", "a children 's film in the truest sense ", "walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- ", "have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances ", "of its oscar nomination ", "safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen ", "is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . ", "'s the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and ", "like this movie ", "a very well-meaning movie , and ", "spectacular ", "here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . ", "if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition ", "and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful ", "a lively and engaging examination ", "the ridiculousness ", "it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin ", "t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , ", "could rent the original and get the same love story and parable ", "create ", "different , unusual , even nutty ", "into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long ", "educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . ", "smug and convoluted ", "a place in your heart ", "immense imax screen ", "has no place to go since simone is not real ", "antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but ", "insultingly unbelievable final act ", "well-made and ", "an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . ", "here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . ", "the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged ", "this real-life hollywood fairy-tale ", "'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . ", ", inconsistent , dishonest ", "seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . ", "elevate ", "aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . ", "to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal ", "to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium ", "the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania ", "an even less capable trio of criminals ", "filling nearly every minute ... ", "fast-paced and ", "jaw-dropping action sequences ", "a movie you can trust ", "manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- ", "such a well loved classic ", "a wholesome fantasy ", "every faltering half-step of its development ", "a winning , heartwarming yarn ", "an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and ", "put away the guitar , sell the amp , ", "limps along ", "that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time ", "'s a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama ", "it 's makes a better travelogue than movie . ", "a huge cut of above the rest ", "'s definite room for improvement ", "-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . ", "shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at ", "a pitch-perfect holden ", "only pain ", "run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest ", "to wait for the video ", "of puerile ", "worst movies ", "addition to scoring high for originality of plot ", "a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness ", "the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' ", "buried , drowned ", "vulgar , sexist ", "a rich and full life ", "a great piece ", "will be impressed by this tired retread ", "93 minutes of unrecoverable life ", "human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; ", "comic skill ", "from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "the actors pick up the slack ", "it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . ", "bad writing , ", "another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt ", "has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . ", "keeping themselves kicking ", "to see over and over again ", "brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . ", "great performances ", "other foul substances ", "has a way of seeping into your consciousness ", "have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense ", "frosting ", "that makes his films so memorable ", "silly and overwrought ", "keeps the energy humming ", "can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . ", "the self-destructiveness of many young people ", "creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . ", "checkout ", "for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "cross between xxx and vertical limit . ", "efficient , suitably anonymous chiller ", "that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject ", "this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . ", "hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before ", "nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try . ", "you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . ", "rambling incoherence ", "feel like a short stretched out to feature length ", "a set of heartfelt performances ", "holding equilibrium up ", "i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . ", "earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . ", "of the film 's cheeky charm ", "does n't quite know how to fill a frame ", "very well done ", "a seriously bad film ", "open ", "uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory ", "barn-burningly bad movie ", "a crisp psychological drama ( and ) ", "funnier version of the old police academy flicks ", "that 's where the film ultimately fails ", "charisma and ", "sweet-tempered ", "95 minutes ", "implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history ", "provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater ", "was funny ", "romp of a film ", ", it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . ", "thrown-together ", "great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . ", "steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . ", "hallmark card sentimentality and ", "is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen ", "refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy ", "offers chills much like those ", "it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ", "sets this romantic comedy apart ", "ugly and destructive ", "shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . ", "witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . ", ", composed delivery ", "the best of godard 's movies ", "hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . ", "over-the-top , and amateurish . ", "feeble comedy . ", "was n't a good movie ", "what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . ", "this movie 's lack of ideas ", "that satisfies ", "better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals ", "feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . ", "to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment ", "sad nonsense , ", "b movie ", "'d probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie ", "fresh and absorbing ", "you really want to understand what this story is really all about ", "'s on par with the first one ", "the imagination ", "a man in drag is not in and of himself funny ", "combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? ", "too loud and ", "wasting ", "gentle and biting ", "who ca n't quite live up to it ", "hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema ", "seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense ", "suspense , surprise ", "in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . ", "the milieu is wholly unconvincing ", "the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce ", "'re desperate for the evening to end ", "`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , ", "appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes ", "no. 1 ", "puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery ", "predictable storyline ", "is still very much worth seeing ", ", it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . ", "lacks the inspiration of the original ", "compelling and horrifying ", "yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . ", "this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . ", "seems a prostituted muse ", "most oddly honest hollywood document ", "this pathetic junk ", "really earned my indignant , preemptive departure ", "are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze ", "very distinctive ", "has at least one more story to tell : his own ", "i had a lot of problems with this movie . ", "a pleasing , often-funny comedy ", "the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , ", "munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . ", "never comes together as a coherent whole . ", "good match ", "a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports ", "fresh , unforced naturalism ", "a fireworks ", "becomes a testament to faith . ", "we delight in the images ", "it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker ", "director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . ", "like a cold old man going through the motions . ", "it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . ", "an uneven film for the most part ", "a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . ", "to do , too little time to do it in ", "it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . ", "hilary ", "terrific look ", "... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . ", "abrasive ", "is one helluva singer . ", "but it would be better to wait for the video . ", "who might enjoy this ", "badder than bad ", "drab wannabe ", "the suckers ", "is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers ", "slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . ", "that beneath the familiar , funny surface ", "time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' ", "the familiar , funny surface ", "is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation ", "the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . ", "leers , ", "it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . ", "honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film ", "compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen ", "polished and vastly entertaining caper ", "lethargically paced parable of renewal . ", "predictable than their consequences ", "predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . ", "the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez ", "'s lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style ", "the cold light ", "complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen ", "crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . ", "rewarding ", "delivering in good measure ", "accuracy ", "acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . ", "offers rare insight ", "only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind ", "cultural and personal self-discovery and ", "the cast is top-notch ", "joyous celebration ", "does such high-profile talent serve such literate material ", "occasionally flawed , ", "a lost ideal ", "even more indistinct ", "painfully ", "if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us ", "as the worst kind of hubristic folly ", "no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . ", "can not even be dubbed hedonistic ", "is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . ", "'s contrived and predictable ", "takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and ", "must-see ", "strictly a-list players ", "innocent ", "his trademark misogyny ", "equally great ", "firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . ", "the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season ", "too insistent ", "whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man ", "many subplots ", "very real and amusing give-and-take ", "an original and highly cerebral examination ", "a funny little film ", "a fresh and absorbing look ", "enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment ", "an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . ", "that works against itself ", "enthusiastically ", "typical junkie opera ", "ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant ", "put on an intoxicating show . ", "moving and revelatory ", "a tale worth catching ", "combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream ", "ends up as a bitter pill ", "a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "upsetting and thought-provoking ", "i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- ", "marvelous ", "hollywood romance ", "'s well worth spending some time with ", "its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ", "where their heads were ", "exit sign ", "find it fascinating ", "does not work . ", "nasty journey ", "unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept ", "the power ", "nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals ", "to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images ", "vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much ", "at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless ", "words and ", "this one gets off with a good natured warning ", "moving and not infrequently breathtaking film ", "a lovely film for the holiday season ", "a sweet , charming tale ", "recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . ", "most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . ", "also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues ", "this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short ", "is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "say it 's on par with the first one ", "energetic and always surprising ", "have given this movie a rating of zero ", "the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process ", "drama , ", "lucks ", "it looks good , sonny , ", "a real filmmaker ", "saddled ", "shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ... ", "charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . ", ", this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . ", "are immaculate , ", "is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . ", "terrific special effects and ", "us nothing new ", "can hear you snore ", "the point of nausea ", ", this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . ", "is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power ", "steers clear of the sensational and ", "sloppiness ", "the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense ", "at odds with the rest of the film ", "substantial or fresh ", "an uncomfortable experience ", "makes you care about music you may not have heard before ", "but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . ", "must be a serious contender for the title . ", "diverse and astonishingly articulate ", "best sex comedy ", "makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way ", "is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . ", "even the most jaded cinema audiences ", "a full-frontal attack on audience patience . ", "are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary ", "is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects ", "do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . ", "keenly observed and refreshingly natural ", "a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films ", "`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . ", "and more entertaining , too . ", "only open new wounds ", "a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "cleansing ", "the audience award ", "to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest ", "manages to invest real humor ", "you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor ", "this uncharismatically ", "combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture ", "this is a movie full of grace and , ", "may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen ", "offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . ", "another routine hollywood frightfest ", "all the way ", "fails to fascinate ", "a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ", "as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast ", "than sucking you in ... and making you sweat ", "was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon ", "the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess ", "bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . ", "'s a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , ", "funny and touching film ", "the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud ", "has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies ", "incisive and ", "irrational ", "edge ", "a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably ", "authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , ", "to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it ", "lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ", "a good movie ye ", "it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny ", "love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence ", "in this tepid genre offering ", "is entertaining on an inferior level ", "everlasting ", "remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films ", "getting there is not even half the interest . ", "satisfying complete ", "making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... ", "breaks no new ground ", "a group of talented friends ", "neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . ", "morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . ", "side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull ", "an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . ", "an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ", "greasy little vidgame pit ", "audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy ", "splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us ", "are married for political reason ", "dull-witted and disquietingly creepy ", "dramatic punch ", "mired in stasis ", "with two fine , nuanced lead performances ", "be delightfully compatible ", "manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference ", "viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "a sexy , surprising romance ... ", "meaningless ", "desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . ", "supermarket tabloids ", "well-directed and ", "a witty ", "enveloping sounds ", "a stark portrait ", "what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and ", "pay to see it ", "is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . ", "it does n't even seem like she tried . ", "spectacle ", "bitter ", "the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest ", "be why it works as well as it does ", "once again that he 's the best brush in the business ", "trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . ", "of whimsy ", "triple x ", "noyce has worked wonders with the material . ", "the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . ", "is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . ", "humor and lightness ", "after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . ", "'s drab ", "kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked ", "as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful ", "the low-grade cheese standards ", "wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion ", "i might add -- slice of comedic bliss ", "the journey feel like a party ", "sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile ", "see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way ", "compelling and horrifying story ", "it 's a masterpeice . ", "'re going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . ", "very talented young actors ", "so low ", "its compelling mix ", "visible enthusiasm ", "arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two ", "if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . ", "of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances ", "in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . ", "like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . ", "animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool ", "of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) ", "one of the most curiously depressing ", "incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music ", "'re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . ", "last-minute action ", "lush scenery ", "more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch . ", "swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . ", "the most ingenious film ", "they will have a showdown , but , ", "choppy and sloppy ", "made swimfan anyway ", "what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "the history is fascinating ; ", "fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man ", "a vivid , spicy footnote ", "a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place ", "particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , ", "that it counts heart as important as humor ", "spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . ", "is a wonderful thing ", "is why anthony hopkins is in it . ", "a prince of a fellow ", "the rollicking dark humor so necessary ", "will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated ", "it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . ", "the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and ", "felt with a sardonic jolt ", "eric ", "long , dull procession ", "'s tv sitcom material at best ", "a philosophical visual coming right ", "to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit ", "created a beautiful canvas ", "'s probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... ", "a zombie movie in every sense ", "turn it off ", "lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . ", "all the bad things ", "that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", "uplifting and moving ", "like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . ", "the film is never dull ", "`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme ", "authenticate her british persona ", "that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song ", "necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ", "of fun ", "that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . ", "some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and ", "stereotypes in good fun ", "begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends ", "the acting is fine ", "a great cast ", "poignancy , and intelligence ", "a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency ", "not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face ", "when it 's this rich and luscious ", "by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing ", "through dahmer 's two hours ", "slog ", "no amount of good acting ", "sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions ", "tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "superstar ", "these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing ", "explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . ", "is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . ", ", see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . ", "he 's willing to express his convictions ", "long , intricate , star-studded and ", "compelling storyline ", "would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . ", "of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", ", this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . ", "a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . ", "all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . ", "formulaic to the 51st power , more like . ", "a visual treat ", ", it will be well worth your time . ", "entertained ", "enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs ", "make the film relevant today ", "replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots ", "exploitative for the art houses and ", "could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time ", "is a lumbering , wheezy drag ", "itself is ultimately quite unengaging . ", "the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", "that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence ", "gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years ", "thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film ", "a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile ", "is sordid and disgusting . ", "explosive physical energy and ", "else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie ", "grievous but obscure complaint ", "will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . ", "brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away ", "treasure ", "undeniably moving film ", "gorgeous , ", "a wonder ", "clich\u00e9s and mawkish dialogue ", "there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and ", "bad soap opera ", "about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . ", "its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . ", "has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness ", "built for controversy . ", "garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man ", "this remarkable and memorable film ", "a classic fairy tale ", "impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture ", "ultimately hollow mockumentary ", "the lush scenery ", "badly cobbled ", "a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal ", "unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations ", "'s a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . ", "that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees ", "interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) ", "( tries ) to parody ", "passion and attitude ", "exit sign ", "and vin diesel is the man . ", "like a fish that 's lived too long ", "as well its delightful cast -- ", "boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . ", "fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of ", "could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ", "... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 ", "an excellent job ", "there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . ", "through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings ", "amusing , sad and reflective ", "as unoriginal ", "beautiful scene ", "an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . ", "'s nothing interesting in unfaithful ", "the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ", "faith in the future ", "invitingly upbeat ", "it ca n't really be called animation ", "guns , violence ", "has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar ", ", the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . ", "there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time ", "that real natural , even-flowing tone ", "at a tough-man contest ", "to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits ", "breaking new ground ", "is off . ", ", the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . ", "a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him ", "the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . ", "make a nice coffee table book ", "not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like ", "the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . ", "offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . ", "a movie about the power of poetry and passion ", "nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it ", "because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . ", "could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . ", "about this love story ", "cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and ", "exploitation flick ", ", does not work . ", "that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film ", "how admirably ", "a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism ", "builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with ", "is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . ", "their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact ", "good-looking but ", "as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder ", "if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . ", "fraction ", "larger-than-life figure ", "on top of a foundering performance , ( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . ", "to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned ", "it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' ", "kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . ", "bump in the night and nobody cares ", "drudgery . ", "horrors ! ", "watching intelligent people making a movie ", "ruthlessly pained ", "surprisingly charming ", "will find it more than capable of rewarding them . ", "if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . ", "enjoyable 100 ", "cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting ", "it 's just too dry and too placid ", "expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . ", "the screen in frustration ", "comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . ", "woefully pretentious . ", "barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all ", "comedy special ", "does a solid job of slowly , ", "bittersweet ", "i ca n't wait to see what the director does next ", "an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . ", "in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . ", "the best irish sense ", "it looks good , sonny ", "sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . ", "classic cinema ", "a small but rewarding comedy ", "would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "feel-good family comedy ", "much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives ", "'s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", "with miscalculations ", "-- and gross ", "of extraordinary journalism ", ", is still good fun . ", "has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . ", "it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . ", "succeeds through sincerity . ", "seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . ", "crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . ", "us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ", "a sentimental mess ", "cheesy commercialism ", "self-destructiveness ", "twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels ", "problems and ", "a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition ", "for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming . ", "demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . ", "on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis ", "'s flawed and brilliant ", "such a tragedy ", "ill-advised ", "a buoyant delivery ", "the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' ", "a one liner as well as anybody ", "forget its absurdity ", "the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . ", "that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic ", "a good way ", "bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing ", "have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ", "ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . ", "to which anyone can relate ", "luckiest viewers ", "its initial promise ", "lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . ", "there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "'s awfully entertaining to watch . ", "highly-praised disappointments i ", "corny dialogue and preposterous moments ", "the station looking for a return ticket to realism ", "the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan ", "an american actress who becomes fully english ", "a sharp , amusing study of the cult ", "for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . ", "fascinating look ", "like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place ", "interesting work ", "'s as good ", "seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar ", "manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . ", "sometimes inadequate ", "in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison ", "eloquent ", "no charm , no laughs , ", "painfully ", "be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "` ace ventura ' rip-off ", "the head of the class of women 's films ", "does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . ", "bored ", "played-out idea ", "wasted . ", "genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ", "the hood ", "coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings ", "initially gripping ", "as if it belongs on the big screen ", "enough sardonic ", "of telling a fascinating character 's story ", "very very strong ", "of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music ", "few seconds ", "sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . ", "color and depth , and ", "road to perdition does display greatness , and ", "'s not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned ", "delights ", "recent past ", "of low-budget filmmaking ", "oozes craft ", "still want my money back . ", "leaden as the movie sputters ", "this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . ", "tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . ", "it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny . ", "its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . ", "beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . ", "the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear ", "the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ", "a can of 2-day old coke ", "vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . ", "the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . ", "amusing and ", "not a must-own ", "genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental ", "fine star performances ", "go , girls , right down the reality drain . ", "uneven performances and a spotty script ", "slow for a younger crowd ", "the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale ", "is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann ", "who play their roles with vibrant charm ", "i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . ", "draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ", "( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull ", "represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . ", "'ve seen some bad singer-turned actors ", "has a solid emotional impact ", "sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that ", "is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was ", "interesting social ", "buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly ", "the humor wry and ", "it 's drab . ", "it ` perfection ", ", the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . ", "look ill at ease sharing the same scene ", "takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors ", "stale and clich\u00e9d to a fault . ", "cinematic car wreck ", "sappy as big daddy ", "afraid of the bad reviews ", "is cumbersome ", "is a triumph of imagination ", "disposable ", "instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . ", "of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination ", "a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' ", "has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . ", "a useless movie ", "what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . ", "redeems it ", "technically proficient ", "directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . ", "chuckle ", "a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . ", ", it feels more forced than usual . ", "feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . ", "the absence of narrative continuity ", "completely ridiculous ", "both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "'s updating works surprisingly well ", "a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "stirs the emotions ", "quietly vulnerable ", "stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . ", "that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater ", "star script ", ", you 'll enjoy this movie . ", "that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy ", "the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated ", "'s a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack ", "respect ", "ploddingly sociological ", "a moratorium ", "ultimately tragic ", "dead-end ", "the grind to refresh our souls ", "every clich\u00e9 about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera ", "of the most genuinely sweet films ", "only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at ", "hollywood too long has ignored ", "obscenity is at hand ", "a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate ", "a terrible story ", "who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public ", "majestic ", "does n't know what it wants to be ", "learning but inventing a remarkable new trick ", "painfully forced ", "the best film ", "as he creates ", "gangs ", "art house pretension . ", "grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "highly gifted 12-year-old ", "curiously depressing ", "that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh ", "the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . ", "ludicrous attempt ", "delicate ambiguity ", "ca n't help but engage an audience ", "yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and ", "... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . ", "than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ", "world war ii ", "of the band ", "nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . ", "for the art-house crowd ", "too neat and new pin-like ", "a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper ", "much like a fragment of an underdone potato ", "so many talented people could participate in such an ", "encouraging ", "filled with raw emotions ", "is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . ", "boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery ", "dramatically lackluster ", "is n't entirely persuasive ", "he has no clue about making a movie ", "of deft and subtle poetry ", "that works ", "an inhalant blackout ", "might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? ", "delusions to escape their maudlin influence . ", "infidelity ", "is impressively true for being so hot-blooded ", "clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . ", "both the beauty of the land and the people ", "'s waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . ", ", hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . ", "a nightmare ", "completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . ", "with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and ", "it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . ", "wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths ", "rollerball left us cold ", "it 's pretty stupid . ", "no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish ", "is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . ", ", cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . ", "a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ", "'s neither original nor terribly funny ", "overstated ", "heart-felt drama ", "too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category ", "look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "all its moodiness ", "there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . ", "pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love ", "wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen ", "a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ... ", "for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york ", "the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows . ", "alienate ", "is , also , frequently hilarious ", "during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . ", "exceptional ", "a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments ", "elegant , witty and beneath ", "reel in the audience ", "tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "nair 's attention to detail ", "endure instead of enjoy ", "that 's actually sort of amazing ", "feel anything much while watching this movie , ", "the genre and another first-rate performance ", "gives the lie ", "is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive ", "garc\u00eda bernal and talanc\u00f3n are an immensely appealing couple ", "holiday box office pie ", "final verdict ", "an entertainment ", "from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed ", "lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience ", "falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ", "horrendously ", "stays with you ", "it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds ", "trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards ", "past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience ", "delight your senses and ", "cliffhanger ", "gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . ", "well wrought ", ", besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . ", "an unforced , rapid-fire delivery ", "assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ", "major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ", "tics ", "the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations ", "being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "distinctly minor ", "more meaningful ", "straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company ", "elegant film ", "insanely stupid ", "brilliantly ", "it looks good , but it is essentially empty ", "excruciating demonstration ", "a failure as straight drama ", "balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , ", "is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie ", "held my interest precisely ", "seduce and ", "is more in love with strangeness than excellence ", "delicate ", "important ", "new texture , new relevance , new reality ", "the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . ", "curious ", "flower-power liberation ", "it 's just merely very bad . ", "a real snooze . ", "at every faltering half-step of its development ", "does deliver a few gut-busting laughs ", "everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . ", "nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . ", "fascinating -- and timely -- ", "far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . ", "a setup so easy it borders on facile ", "the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . ", "scarcely worth a mention ", "swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements ", "by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . ", "the top japanese animations ", "brutal 90-minute battle sequence ", "well-directed ", "a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "beautifully produced ", "by talented writer/director anderson ", "is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine ", "a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic ", "with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume ", "is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . ", "`` red dragon '' is entertaining . ", "` triumph ' ", "tonally uneven ", "does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject ", "a rip-roaring comedy action ", "has something fascinating ", "everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . ", "as both shallow and dim-witted ", "'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . ", "lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . ", "that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "fighting the same fights ", "i have to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "excellent 90-minute film ", "( and lovely ) ", "soulful , ", "work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns ", "a fat man 's navel ", "the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film ", "on three short films and two features ", "it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , ", "certainly clever in spots ", "in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ", ", achingly human ", "rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . ", "vaporize from your memory minutes ", "the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens ", "harks ", "grotesque ", "that movie nothing ", "a guilty pleasure ", "a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie ", "a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force ", "fresh and ", "is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors ", "runteldat is something of a triumph . ", "are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all ", "'s worth seeing ", "push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time ", "'ll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . ", "it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least ", "of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions ", "tricky and satisfying ", "bogged down in earnest dramaturgy ", "well to cram earplugs ", "'s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ", "clever and very satisfying ", "it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing ", "a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives ", "a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr ", "paranoid and unlikable ", "really a true ", "delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . ", "a winning piece ", "of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "an eerie thriller ", "persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts ", "assumes you are n't very bright ", "it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . ", "is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' ", "cold and dead ", "you 'd swear you ", "has a sure hand ", "dave barry 's ", "cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance ", "succeeds in entertaining , ", "a compassionate , ", "enlightened by any of derrida 's ", "boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , ", "its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue ", "not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting . ", "the perkiness ", "stiff or just plain bad ", "that has made tucker a star ", "despicable characters ", "in amazement over the fact ", "feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , ", "walked away from this new version of e.t. ", "this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . ", "put off by the film 's austerity ", "in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth ", "the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play ", "makes it worth watching ", "reaction ", "'ll still have a good time . '' ", "a spirit that can not be denied ", "most frantic , virulent and foul-natured ", "certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . ", "a chilly , brooding but quietly ", "strong and convincing performances ", "a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . ", "wall-to-wall good time ", "improvement ", "nothing about this movie works . ", ", it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . ", "oscar-worthy performance ", "so insanely stupid , ", "the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe ", "a better film ", "somewhat short ", "sloppy , made-for-movie ", "jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism ", "perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters ", "depressingly thin and ", "final verdict : you 've seen it all before . ", "is told as the truth ", "required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come ", "movies about angels ", "its courageousness ", "patient and tenacious ", "is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination ", "the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , ", "if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . ", "most wondrous ", "offensive ", "certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either . ", "is wry and engrossing . ", "been done before but never so vividly ", "most exciting ", "black-and-white inspires ", "like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . ", "perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . ", "more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations ", "if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "part of the charm of satin rouge ", "for the perspective it offers ", "powerful and moving ", "despair ", "be a breakthrough in filmmaking ", "captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece ", "fair amount ", "even non-techies can enjoy ", "dialogue and likeable characters ", "will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . ", "veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements ", "'s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . ", "but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ", "blood work is for you . ", "the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza ", "promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . ", "deliciously nonsensical comedy ", "purposeless ", "to guilt-trip parents ", "kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . ", "no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence ", "is n't even halfway ", "` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . ", "'re simply not funny performers ", "whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle ", "watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ", "although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . ", "relatively nothing ", "boring and meandering ", "a sobering and powerful documentary ", "remain an unchanged dullard ", "best part ' of the movie ", "it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy ", "some good , organic character work , ", "one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . ", "michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . ", "opens today ", "it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . ", "certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "`` gangs '' is never lethargic ", "unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . ", "rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday ", "a worthwhile documentary , ", "bloated plot ", "enhances the personal touch of manual animation . ", "smothered ", ", it does n't disappoint . ", "the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . ", "smart little indie . ", "that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ", "most intense psychological mysteries ", "is far from disappointing , ", "could easily be dealing with right now in your lives ", "yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction ", ", i enjoyed it just as much ! ", "the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks ", "it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . ", "fuse at least three dull plots ", "dislikable study in sociopathy . ", "atrociously ", "it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . ", "truly excellent sequences ", "the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength ", "( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay ", "a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "wild , endearing , masterful documentary ", "the sheer dumbness ", "celebrated wonder ", "lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , ", "wonderfully sprawling soap opera ", "elite ", "cherish ", "costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier ", "is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring ", "creative contributions ", "the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . ", "constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense ", "unholy hokum . ", "a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man ", "it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . ", "is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children ", "strangely hollow at its emotional core ", "though a morbid one ", "ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film ", ", and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script ", "serve the work especially well ", "witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and ", "with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame ", "sorrowful lows ", "simple-minded and ", "in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars ", "the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort ", "as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . ", "drug-induced bowel ", "this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . ", "have a good shot at a hollywood career , ", "bland actors ", "feels at odds with the rest of the film . ", "queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- ", "a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy ", "the most depressing movie-going experiences ", "michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest ", "debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ", "clueless does south fork ", "it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . ", "well worth revisiting ", "a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . ", "out-of-kilter character ", "no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting ", "slow-moving ", "intelligence and ", "that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure ", "if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes ", "payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business . ", "is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . ", "not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . ", "sheer ugliness ", "watered down ", "shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative ", "of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore ", "superbly acted offbeat thriller ", "to reveal his impressively delicate range ", "miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . ", "no fantasy story ", "weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next ", "a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama ", "cinematic poo . ", "very compelling , sensitive , intelligent ", "are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . ", "is just garbage . ", "how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head ", "... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . ", "the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but ", "seen it all before , ", "by a warmth that is n't faked ", "any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions ", "take it ", "break up ", "is extremely thorough ", "the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . ", "to his son 's home ", "genuinely funny jokes ", "devoted to the insanity of black ", "such an excellent job ", "its one good idea ", "in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack ", "take center screen ", "befuddled ", "ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . ", "nostalgic , twisty yarn ", "recharged ", "is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , ", "appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites . ", "manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves ", "study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture ", "that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel ", "'s a dull girl , that 's all ", "recreation to resonate ", "this thing is virtually unwatchable . ", "into a typical romantic triangle ", "sucks you ", "distances you ", "finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . ", "it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "soap opera ", "it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . ", "'s far from a frothy piece ", "crafty and ", "what makes this film special ", "recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . ", "wo n't be able to look away for a second ", "bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension ", "promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish . ", "'s as entertaining as it is instructive ", "that it does n't give a damn ", "the pool drowned me in boredom . ", "enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions ", "ambitious movie ", "with an utterly incompetent conclusion ", "'s so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments ", "stunt-hungry dimwits ", "a good film ", "under-10 set ", "the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ", "at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ", "this is just lazy writing . ", "achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation ", "wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget ", "rich in shadowy metaphor ", "unholy ", "two of those well spent ", "sardonic jolt ", "that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "aspires ", "smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . ", "represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen ", "that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light ", "well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . ", "thumbs friggin ' down ", "unimpeachable ", "an infinitely wittier version ", "we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest ", "flat , unconvincing ", "such a dungpile ", "small delights ", "what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "better characters , some genuine quirkiness and ", "unmemorable ", "surehanded direction ", "controversy ", "over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own ", ", it 's not very interesting . ", ", despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste ", "if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness ", "the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but ", "` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science ", "another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . ", "this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . ", "see it for the passion ", "carefully choreographed atrocities ", "unconcerned ", "sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 ", "as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart ", "an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt ", "you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . ", "troubling ", "probe questions of attraction and interdependence ", "wonderfully edited ", ", she is merely a charmless witch . ", "to long for the end credits ", "the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent ", "warm and exotic ", "its lackluster gear ", "unfunny tricks ", "it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem ", "the intensity ", "like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but ", "bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man ", "because it 's lousy ", "is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces ", "are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma ", "is classic nowheresville in every sense ", "has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt ", "is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive ", "wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . ", "an unholy mess ", "none of this is meaningful or memorable ", "excitement ", "redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot ", "compassionately ", "be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "minutely detailed wonders ", "hitting below the belt ", "be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor ", "sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and ", "few movies have ever approached ", "director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . ", "allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... ", "aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . ", "with purpose and finesse ", "it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm ", "the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded ", "does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . ", "the comic elements of the premise ", "by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality ", "the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism ", "dirty ", "there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . ", "it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . ", "it -- ", "exhausted ", "lack contrast , are murky and ", "glee ", "it were any more of a turkey ", "clarity and deeply ", "they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . ", "an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic ", "a homage ", ", the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . ", "behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . ", "keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong ", "both excellent ", "memorable first interrogation ", "marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i ", "be so light-hearted ", "long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . ", "imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . ", "in the truest sense ", "does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but ", "paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party ", "is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis bu\u00f1uel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius ", "surefire casting ", "restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy ", "occasional slowness ", "is neither dramatic nor comic ", "highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . ", "pack some serious suspense ", "wears its heart ", "may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar ", "plenty of baggage ", "tells us nothing new ", "need not apply ", "a big , tender hug ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , ", "the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task ", "an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough ", "long overdue ", "a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship ", "showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . ", "its flaws ", "it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . ", "without chills ", "ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . ", "you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape ", "piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , ", "give ", "to be a compelling ", "a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . ", "affirms ", "vital ", "an iconoclastic artist ", "full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . ", "the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . ", "a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan ", "epic treatment ", "sentimental mess ", "their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment ", "to make a big splash ", "the problem with the film ", "- greaseballs mob action-comedy . ", ", but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ", "does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us ", "the beauty of the piece ", "a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama ", "like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal ", "big fat pain . ", "an intermittently good time ", "animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and ", "too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet ", "smutty ", "it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . ", "images you wish you had n't seen ", "a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . ", "the triviality ", "a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . ", "fluid , no-nonsense authority ", "seen it all before ", "the tiresome rant ", "is n't talking a talk that appeals to me ", "smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy ", "boring , pretentious waste ", "is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie ", "'s no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . ", "if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother . ", "find it diverting ", "the astute direction of cardoso and ", "referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal ", "the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians ", "derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold ", "to the annoying score ", "the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . ", "exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . ", "uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real ", "can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . ", "lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting ", "like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . ", "rather frightening ", "the major problem with windtalkers ", "also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us ", "crisp and purposeful ", "credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . ", "the heart as well as ", "to finally revel in its splendor ", "the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs ", "notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and ", "as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , ", "stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ", "depressed ", "maybe twice ", "certified ", "roussillon providing comic relief ", "dazzle and delight us ", "an enjoyable level of ridiculousness ", "a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth ", "the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food ", "exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble ", "shallow , offensive and redundant ", "swipe 90 minutes of your time ", "bland to be interesting ", "sentimentalizing it ", "that good theatre ", "this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . ", "the joie de vivre even as he creates ", "of john c. walsh 's pipe dream ", "a lyrical and celebratory vision ", "credulous ", "slopped ` em together ", "scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . ", "an enjoyable film ", "the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible ", "slapping its target audience in the face ", "julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "was worth your seven bucks ", "wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . ", "linger long after this film has ended ", ", director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . ", "liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . ", "plays like a bad soap opera ", "communal spirit ", "powerful direction ", "this emotional misery ", ", herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . ", "the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic . ", "super ", "it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . ", "is like binging on cotton candy ", "hate it for the same reason ", "be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ", "a revealing look ", "from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona ", "is its utter sincerity . ", "the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes ", "really does n't have much to say beyond the news ", "is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . ", "sometimes beautiful ", "superior crime movie ", "trying to be more complex than your average film ", "attracts the young and fit ", "adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining ", "it 's far from fresh-squeezed ", "wisdom and humor ", "a return ticket ", "pleasant enough -- ", "remain interested , or at least conscious ", "a genuine love story , ", "sweet and gentle ", "manipulative whitewash ", "makes it a comic book with soul ", "to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "refreshingly forthright ", ", poignant and leavened ", "it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; ", "a ripping good yarn ", "hogwash ", "approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all ", "the visceral excitement ", ", but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . ", "uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos ", "lagging near the finish line ", "'s appealingly manic and energetic ", "is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . ", "the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . ", "seduce and conquer ", "it looks neat ", "ramble ", "a gory slash-fest ", "inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers ", "the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . ", "sit near the back ", "chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine ", "'s got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease ", "you must shoot it in the head ", "shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians ", "like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story ", "lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject ", "'s get this thing over with ", "that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in ", "of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness ", "philosophical visual coming right ", "staged violence overshadows everything ", "an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . ", "movie fun ", "having a hard time believing people were paid to make it ", "show-stoppingly hilarious , but ", "lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . ", "a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and ", "wait to see it then ", "of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe ", "do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money ", "the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . ", "his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama ", ", interest can not be revived . ", "the actors ' perfect comic timing ", "a bunch of talented thesps slumming it ", "results from adhering to the messiness of true stories ", "the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . ", "tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . ", "all too predictable and far too cliched ", "good actors , good poetry and ", "receiving war department telegrams ", "the charming result is festival in cannes . ", "is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down ", "freshness ", "so vivid a portrait ", "like ravel 's bolero ", ", tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . ", "could young romantics out on a date ", "admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "looking for something new ", "takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . ", "so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor ", "it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick ", "this rush to profits ", "earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . ", "a movie that understands characters must come first ", "4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . ", "like a book report ", "neat ", "is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact ", "'s touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . ", "many flaws ", "by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors ", "a loquacious and dreary piece ", "elephant feces ", "light ( yet unsentimental ) ", "has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances ", "and undemanding armchair tourists ", "leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion ", "bring their characters to life ", "the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone ", "'s not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter ", "'s nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is ", "authentic ", "insultingly inept and artificial examination ", "created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness ", "confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and ", "of his sweetness and vulnerability ", "a fifty car pileup of cliches ", "will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . ", "happens that tells you there is no sense . ", "makes you feel like a chump ", "the storytelling and ", "has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . ", "performances of exceptional honesty ", "this sucker ", "end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards ", "in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism ", "presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ", "lightweight ", "from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "at a bad rock concert ", "the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ", "high-adrenaline documentary ", "kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance ", "jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , ", "we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground ", "been exhausted by documentarians ", "revisionist ", "most disappointing woody allen movie ", "establishes its ominous mood and tension ", "low-budget hybrid ", "direct hit ", "they prove more distressing than suspenseful . ", "sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill ", "we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again ", "be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "considered career-best performances ", "knows everything and answers all questions , ", "can only be described as sci-fi generic ", "brilliantly written ", "delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . ", "emerges as a numbingly dull experience ", "be shaking your head all the way to the credits ", "i killed my father compelling ", "rendered in as flat ", "the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy ", "diminishing his stature ", "patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks ", "creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- ", "it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "thoughtless , random , superficial humor and ", "give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour ", "is trite ", "of a good time ", "beyond its limit to sustain a laugh ", "inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable ", "intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular ", "introduces ", "actor michel serrault ", "a thriller , ", "about full frontal ", "it offers hope ", "gentle , lapping ", "like sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables ", "she fails to provoke them . ", "crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary ", "most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up ", "the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . ", "is not a bad film . ", "the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . ", "the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food ", "of her life with the imagery in her paintings ", "odds with the rest of the film ", "the gross-out comedy ", "does n't take itself so deadly seriously ", "'s not bad prose ", "despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . ", "cracked lunacy ", "could hardly ask for more ", "as it should be ", "devastating ", "a level of connection and concern ", "becomes distasteful and downright creepy ", "cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most ", "an amicable endeavor ", "real heart ", "complete shambles ", "understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb ", "the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "deep as a petri dish ", "pacino is the best he 's been in years and ", "this u-boat does n't have a captain . ", "best movie ", "cranky adults ", "rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . ", "has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' ", "a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better ", "yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ", "makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , ", "boxes these women 's souls right open for us . ", "proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . ", "while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . ", "wit or innovation ", "has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end ", "interesting effort ", "really , save your disgust and your indifference ", "neglects to add the magic that made it all work ", "as a pink slip ", "at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . ", "spreads itself too thin ", "some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time ", "too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy ", "an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances ", "you might as well be watching a rerun ", "e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . ", "the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough ", "sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack ", "is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon ", "cast in impossibly contrived situations ", "bland hotels , highways , parking lots ", "'s a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . ", "( jeff 's ) gorgeous ", "narcissism and ", "infuses the film ", "imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie ", "of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue ", "of work and 2002 's first great film ", "almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- ", "a quaint , ", "fear and paranoia ", "what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . ", ", paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . ", "oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material ", "invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god ", "barker movie ", "is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , ", "the joy the characters take in this creed ", "huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine . ", "that omnibus tradition called marriage ", "lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema ", "that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' ", "is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ", "filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . ", "the violence ", "hallmark film ", "the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . ", "flagrantly ", "seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' ", "great marching bands ", "terrible , banal dialogue ", "another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , ", "together frustrating ", "has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time ", "at soccer hooliganism ", "is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable ", "is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "life-embracing spirit ", "straightforward , emotionally honest ", "silly , stupid and pointless ", "theories ", "after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege ", "he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace ", "frozen tundra soap opera ", "the power of this movie is undeniable . ", "and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics ", "ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie ", "melancholic ", "a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ", "is one of the biggest disappointments of the year ", "a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories ", "love 's ", ", unassuming , subordinate ", "too much to do , too little time to do it in ", "evans ) had , lost , and got back ", "emotionally satisfying exploration ", "a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . ", "trying to get out ", "lookin ' for sin , american-style ? ", "'re left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . ", "perfect teaming ", "an honored screen veteran ", "striking style ", "to cheap manipulation or corny conventions ", "makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . ", "the gratuitous cinematic distractions ", ", retrospectively , his most personal work yet . ", "plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . ", ", it is worth searching out . ", "provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision ", "suitably kooky which should appeal to women and ", "a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , ", "spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , ", "creepy atmosphere ", "the full monty , but ", "angel ", "never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . ", "becomes a testament to faith ", "the mood is laid back ", "with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching ", "bidder ", "yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling . ", "manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . ", "is a fragmented film , ", "some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , ", "one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother ", "an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . ", ", but solidly entertaining ", "would gobble in dolby digital stereo ", "could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . ", "the uncompromising knowledge ", "the ensemble has something fascinating to do ", "will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . ", "her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant ", "more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us ", "making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives ", "wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . ", "'s not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . ", "can be a bit repetitive ", ", it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' ", "does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants ", "an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and ", "in a standard plot ", "to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "tender movements ", "frantic , virulent and foul-natured ", "a wet burlap sack of gloom ", "admirable ", "that this likable movie is n't more accomplished ", "hope and magic ", "lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "gentle jesus ", "familiar , funny ", "full of nuance and character dimension ", "if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . ", "the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . ", "an uplifting , near-masterpiece . ", "even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... ", "so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . ", "drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another ", "labored and unfunny ", "of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it ", "romantic and ", "most intelligent viewers ", "of badness ", "bravado ", "engaging fantasy ", "disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "vowing , ` ", "mundane '70s disaster flick ", "a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . ", "plutonium ", "there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip . ", ", crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . ", "those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "turn his movie in an unexpected direction ", "share no chemistry or engaging charisma ", "any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast ", "would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . ", "one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen ", "is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . ", "pollute the summer movie pool ", "very ambitious ", "meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults ", "minor-league ", "good deal funnier ", "a bang-up job ", "as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible ", "invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games ", "who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep ", "delightfully charming -- and ", "( the film ) works ", "best possible ways ", "is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . ", "funnybone ", "split up so that it can do even more damage ", "keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . ", "emphasizes the well-wrought story ", "finally has failed him . ", "is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness ", "is masterful ", "wreckage ", "a perfect show ", "displays in freshening the play ", "with soul ", "no new plot conceptions or ", "navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . ", "to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "totally disorientated ", "its art and heart ", "a wonderful life marathons and bored ", "retro uplifter . ", "best spent elsewhere ", "finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s ", "flawed and ", "a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement ", "that fails on so many levels ", "intelligence and verve ", "the highs and lows ", "to get excited about on this dvd ", "writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . ", "cold , pretentious ", "welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst ", "zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , ", "what 's best about ", "creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical ", "wildly inventive ", "good laughs ", "is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . ", "the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . ", "scummy ripoff ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ", "many different ideas from happiness ", "modest masterpiece . ", "as splendid-looking as this particular film ", "irredeemably awful . ", "trying to please his mom ", "leave us with a sense of wonder ", "there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin ", "memories and one fantastic visual trope ", "is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ", "a fascinating examination ", "a worthwhile environmental message ", "'s defiantly and delightfully against the grain ", "the film 's desire to be liked sometimes ", "brisk hack job . ", "a step further , ", "twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . ", "exceedingly dull ", "an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist ", "seem to hit ", "easy , cynical potshots ", "indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . ", "straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . ", "rather slow ", "richly detailed , ", "headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender ", "from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten ", "and engaging film ", "toilet humor , ", "spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "tired retread ", "deceit ", "would be an abridged edition ", "grinds itself out ", "bogdanovich puts history in perspective ", "the plot has a number of holes ", "works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently ", "it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) ", "`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time ", "should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike ", "energetic frontman ", "discomfort ", "astounding ", "avoid ", "light enough ", "notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips ", "depress you ", "more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes ", "through clever makeup design ", "an encouraging new direction ", "most moronic ", "acceptable , ", "beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather ", "she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . ", "true to his principles ", "diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly ", "slightly humorous and tender ", "a romance this smart ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music ", "you wish had been developed with more care ", "can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it ", "driven by appealing leads ", "a negligible british comedy . ", "the story 's promising premise ", "that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "elevates the experience ", "this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze ", "the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery ", "best brush ", "all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale ", "one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself ", "touching drama ", "humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ", "is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still ", "standing by yourself is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . ", "well enough ", "compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . ", "a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . ", "reviewers ", "that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun ", "hollywood excess ", "loved ones ", "a lovely film for the holiday season . ", "absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers ", "( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt ", "viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor ", "real raw emotion ", "elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the na\u00eff 's encounter with the world . ", "it 's always enthralling . ", "feels rigged and sluggish ", "pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . ", "been hoping for ", "what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . ", "sometimes tedious -- ", "charming and evoking little ditty ", "beautifully produced . ", "wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation ", "unexpected twists ", "putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ", "it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it . ", "a sharp script and strong performances ", "a good old-fashioned adventure ", "sadly imitative of innumerable ", "the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself ", "settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ", "disintegrates ", "that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory ", "sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . ", "the tuxedo was n't just bad ", "parents love to have their kids ", "end all chases ", "neat trick ", "can take the grandkids or the grandparents and ", ", and beautifully shot ", "a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . ", "is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . ", "for a director i admire ", "so many talented people were convinced to waste their time ", "`` pretty woman '' wanted to be ", "with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . ", "note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget ", "some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . ", "quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins ", "being gullible ", "that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life ", "complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones ", "a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences ", "edgy camera work ", "can enjoy ", "forgotten the movie ", "is consistently amusing and engrossing ", "misconceived ", "rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . ", "is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . ", "less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters ", "the funniest film ", "cleaver ", "of a been-there , done-that sameness ", "this oddly sweet comedy ", "the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... ", "is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot ", "it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . ' ", "found his groove these days ", "entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch ", "comes off like a bad imitation of the bard ", "beautifully acted ", "over the head with a moral ", "is generally amusing from time to time ", "fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . ", "the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look ", "it does n't make for great cinema , ", "virulently unpleasant excuse ", "quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , ", "downright silly ", "a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games ", "the ch\u00e2teau 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation ", "most enchanting ", "be a straightforward bio ", "a breath ", "catches you up in something bigger than yourself ", "goofy pleasure ", "more than recycled jock ", "is bright and flashy ", "of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them ", "kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them ", "this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . ", "a tiny sense of hope ", "relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... ", "maelstrom is strange and compelling ", "career-defining revelation ", "lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. ", "we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel ", "over-dramatic at times ", "the intelligent , well-made b movie ", "to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot ", "of this emotional car-wreck ", "is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . ", "humorous observations ", "than a worthwhile effort ", "a delightful , well-crafted family film ", "this dog of a movie ", "of a minor miracle in unfaithful ", "delightful entree ", "of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested ", "'s funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . ", "provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex ", "to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "first lousy guy ritchie imitation ", "cheap , b movie way ", "attractive and talented actors ", "mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete ", "reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made ", "sexually explicit ", "blaxploitation ", "fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty ", "a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . ", "the fast , funny , and even touching story ", "at times uncommonly moving ", "be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "why , for instance , good things happen to bad people ", "little visible talent and ", "a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream ", "that really tells the tale ", "so unmemorable ", "movie-biz ", "there 's nothing exactly wrong here ", "uncluttered ", "hard to understand ", "seen in that light ", "the best he 's been in years ", "sickeningly savage ", "too easy ", "unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , ", "defies expectation ", "resonant gem ", "it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air ", "worth a look ", "classic story ", "'s suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh ", "a stirring tribute ", "is a gem ", "of lurid melodrama ", "well-done ", "believe that resident evil is not it ", "spooks ", "involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "a summer ", "spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ", "a defiantly retro chord ", "of gentle longing ", "comedy and melodrama ", "lying ", "letdown . ", "as it is interminable ", "andrei ", "it 's an utterly static picture ", "pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . ", "uncomfortable ", "still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . ", "the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . ", "of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation ", "a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action ", "ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . ", "peculiarly ", "fabulously funny and ", "as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", ", there 's much to recommend the film . ", "made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire . ", "enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little ", "the compassion , good-natured humor ", "too textbook to intrigue ", "unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction ", "noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us ", "is shallow , offensive and redundant , ", ", sets the tone for a summer of good stuff ", "keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over ", "been there , done ", "'s nothing wrong with that ", "as a masterfully made one ", "time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . ", "spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . ", "weird and wonderful ", "gets vivid performances from her cast ", "comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . ", "if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . ", "in her most charmless ", "wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ", "does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen ", "sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "'s hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . ", "proper respect ", "befallen every other carmen before her ", "unfulfilling ", "is nothing redeeming about this movie ", "the junk-calorie suspense tropes ", "putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love ", "recommend this film ", "a chilling movie without oppressive gore . ", "unexplainable ", "there 's nothing resembling a spine here ", "enjoyed it ", "unfaithful ", "is reliable ", "surprising highs , ", "is a deeply unpleasant experience ", "this stylish film ", "bags ", "with the best of them ", "fret ", "enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins ", "nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . ", "a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship ", "a stately sense of composition ", "which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance ", "tested by bad luck and their own immaturity ", "'s exploitive without being insightful . ", "it 's wasted yours ", "made a point or two regarding life ", "a thriller , and the performances ", "excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries ", "ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better ", "charms are immediately apparent ", "stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter ", "`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . ", "build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman ", "boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and ", "the awe in which it holds itself ", "too stupid ", "work better ", "thanks to the ch\u00e2teau 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation ", "of boring ", "about sex gags and prom dates ", "skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . ", "is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality ", "achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding ", "the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story ", "natter ", "the film never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad ", ", the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor ", "were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is ", "any flaws that come later ", "a greater attention ", "to the background -- a welcome step ", "does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it ", "snide and prejudice . ", "that acting transfigures esther ", "it just does n't have anything really interesting to say . ", "introverted young men with fantasy fetishes ", "kinda wrong ", "films crammed with movie references ", "light , silly ", "infuses the movie with much of its slender , ", "peels layers ", "its target audience talked all the way through it ", "what great cinema can really do ", "the most consistently funny ", "insufficiently ", "about friendship , love , and the truth ", "substandard ", "the charm of kevin kline and ", "'s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . ", "the greatest date movies in years ", "nifty twists ", "misogyny and unprovoked ", "has nothing ", "are masterfully controlled . ", "-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness ", "is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice ", "is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm ", "you exit the theater ", "pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ", "what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . ", "the sick character ", "guy ritchie 's lock , ", "a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see ", "seem downright hitchcockian ", "self-glorification and ", "genres that just does n't work ", "transcends ethnic lines ", "no real sense of suspense ", "ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but ", "more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . ", "a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . ", "once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent ", "a determined , ennui-hobbled slog ", "a thrill ride ", "a clich\u00e9d and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . ", "symbiotic ", "the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , ", "slaloming through its hackneyed elements ", ", violent and mindless ", "wonderful but sometimes confusing ", "a welcome lack ", "shrieky special effects ", "solid movie ", "an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . ", "cringing ", "its recycled aspects , ", "although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . ", "strange and wonderful creatures ", "the bad sound ", "a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . ", "more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . ", "nijinsky ", "spiffy ", "take on a great writer and dubious human being ", "the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it ", "the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness ", "perfect show ", "it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . ", "only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor ", "extremely imaginative through out ", "that make 105 minutes seem twice as long ", "best ", "of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke ", "a beautiful , timeless and universal tale ", "oddest ", "brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . ", "piercingly affecting ... ", "shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . ", "inherently ", "no explanation or even ", ", most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . ", "disney ", "what is missing from it ", "gripping and compelling ", "a good three days ", "silly but strangely believable ", "contains very few laughs and even less surprises . ", "vibrant with originality ", "more compelling ", "popped up with more mindless drivel ", "so intensely , but with restraint ", "is compelling enough , ", "overwhelming ", ", you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . ", "you 're a fan of the series ", ", uplifting and moving ", "the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth . ", "you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . ", "hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) ", "wrong things ", "'s an entertaining and informative documentary . ", "while the story goes nowhere ", "equally great robin williams performance ", "delirious fun . ", "is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . ", "inadvertent ones ", "claim to express warmth and longing ", "gates ", "a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn ", "this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "intimate than spectacular ", "is stiff or just plain bad . ", "washed away ", "the humor dwindles . ", "demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded ", "that few movies are able to accomplish ", "a subtle and richly internalized performance ", "again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . ", "in insignificance ", "even a little dated ", "watered-down it almost loses what made you love it ", "bring cohesion ", "pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie ", "'s apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career ", "keep the story compelling ", "the lord of the rings ", "does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . ", ", to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "a feel-good movie ", "'s not too bad ", "if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself ", "focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness ", "funny moments ", "worse ", "takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative ", "it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual ", "gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc ", "may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ", "between these two marginal characters ", "enough freshness ", "it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part ", "and intermittently hilarious ", "comes off as annoying rather than charming ", "entirely wholesome ", "even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison ", "oozes craft . ", "hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull ", "( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "remote , emotionally distant piece ", "has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz ", "such master screenwriting ", "they love and make ", "be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this ", "happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ", "enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls ", "if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie . ", "akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material ", "if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . ", "'s what makes it worth a recommendation ", "terrific score ", "an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love ", "everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and ", "a witty , low-key romantic comedy ", "notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress ", "sort of amazing ", "is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half ", "actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode ", "its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , ", "for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex ", "this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . ", "scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf ", "redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star ", "the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling ", "is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . ", "'s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film ", "are also ", "hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . ", "in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances ", "a terrific screenplay ", "of other , better movies ", "charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular ", "off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . ", "'s kind of sad ", "much of the action takes place ", "a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic ", "will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes ", "add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale ", "frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment ", "funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy ", "as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes ", "that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media ", "christian-themed fun ", "than a half-hearted fluke ", "detail ", "they help increase an average student 's self-esteem ", "while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out ", "joyous communal festival ", "a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs ", "a rare window on an artistic collaboration ", "not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me ", "little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy ", "five screenwriters are credited with the clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ; ", "heartfelt conviction ", "funny in a sick , twisted sort of way ", "gorgeously elaborate continuation ", "the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers ", "uncharted depths ", "in the pants ", "freakshow ", "is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . ", "falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer ", "rich performances ", "i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and ", "his is an interesting character ", "acted , emotionally devastating piece ", "mixed messages , ", "life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable ", "the charm of the first movie is still there , and ", "intimidated by both her subject matter and ", "smile ", "goes further ", "into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide ", "expand a tv show ", "balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident ", "incoherence and redundancy ", "hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as ", "fresh territory ", "enough cool ", "virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension ", "agonizing , catch-22 ", "thoughtfully written ", "been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement ", "the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . ", "an uneasy mix ", "bad action movie ", "finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed ", "to hit all of its marks ", "created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy ", "all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . ", "be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . ", "girlfriends are bad , wives are worse ", "from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written ", "a light , yet engrossing piece ", "capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie ", "a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast ", "one of the great films about movie love ", "is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . ", "sleepless ", "that the e-graveyard ", "most compelling performance ", "the lack of climax and , worst of all ", "is corcuera 's attention to detail . ", "'s crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . ", "an hour 's worth of actual material ", "good thriller . ", "the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . ", "cute drama ", "have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame ", "there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . ", "recent hollywood trip tripe ", "... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? '' ", "i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short ", "with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", "a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter ", "you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . ", "it might not be 1970s animation , ", "rocks ", "the earnest emotional core ", "with this one too ", "lost its edge ", "flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . ", "we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity ", "saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate ", "twitchy acting ", "kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . ", "the only problem ", "few things more frustrating to a film buff ", "it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ", ", big trouble could be considered a funny little film . ", "a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis ", "starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . ", "few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , ", "a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . ", "wreaked ", "is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . ", "were once amusing ", "a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . ", "enjoy for a lifetime ", "many can aspire but none can equal ", "he delivers fascinating psychological fare ", "through than in most ` right-thinking ' films ", "'s nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour ", "a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story ", "by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor ", "visually unappealing ", "headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie ", "a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . ", "recommend ", "come to term an `` ambitious failure ", ", the project should have been made for the tube . ", "a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . ", "dull , simple-minded and stereotypical ", "stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' ", "is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . ", "moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs ", "promising debut ", "it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression ", "'s a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . ", "do n't deserve any oscars ", "who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "an artist who is simply tired -- ", "understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph ", "enjoyed the love story ", "stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess ", "still committed to growth in his ninth decade ", "a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- ", ", painful , obnoxious ", "gets old ", "buffoons ", "fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix ", "dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue ", "an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line ", "silly humbuggery ... ", "humbuggery ", "errors ", "no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer ", "of cute animals and clumsy people ", "some buoyant human moments ", "the breezy and amateurish feel ", "the best-sustained ideas ", "capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance ", "particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ", "advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly ", "tries to be smart ", "how clever ", "to its clever what-if concept ", "an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . ", "beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "walk to remember ", "has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . ", "better hip-hop clips ", "detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie ", "it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . ", "than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role ", "simply not funny performers ", "flawed , ", "melodramatic mountain ", "sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . ", "covers this territory with wit and originality , ", "so sloppily written and ", "allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . ", "the nonconformist in us ", "this one feels like a life sentence ", "none of this is very original ", "film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls ", "across as lame and sophomoric ", "seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into bu\u00f1uel 's casings ", "violated ", ", it 's icky . ", "'s tough to watch ", "meyjes ' provocative film ", ", longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . ", "discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman ", "delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage ", "solid ", "enjoyed themselves ", "would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . ", "with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . ", "worth cheering as a breakthrough ", "do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . ", "it tight and nasty ", "pushiness and decibel ", "why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? ", "an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet\u00e9 and sophistication ", "sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . ", "his outstanding performance as bond in die ", "i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' ", "spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications ", "has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' ", "does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . ", "that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population ", "if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic ", "swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros ", "for pretentious arts majors ", "impressive ", "to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze ", "frustratingly unconvincing ", "privy to ", "'s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . ", "sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies ", "his promise remains undiminished ", "started with a great premise and then just fell apart ", "a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say ", "perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is . ", "social injustice ", "does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . ", "to be that rarity among sequels ", "engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy ", "nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a ", "vulgarity , sex scenes , and ", "a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence ", "warmth to go around , with music and laughter and ", ", you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . ", "most resonant film since the killer . ", "i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . ", "very entertaining ", "simple message ", "do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ", "both times ", "just more of the same ", "delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed ", "is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "serves up with style and empathy ", "the effort is sincere and the results are honest , ", "skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but ", "history in perspective ", "a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . ", "walk to remember a niche hit ", "return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but ", "sit through , ", "often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers ", "-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- ", "while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . ", "take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time ", "glib but ", "is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", "( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . ", "( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . ", "feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago ", "art-house to the core ", "sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot ", "cinema master class . ", "put in service ", "made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", "k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , ", "i 'm likely to see all year ", "'s a heck of a ride ", "succeeds ", "while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals ", "true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . ", "the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . ", "of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", "second-rate ", "to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society ", "an awfully good , achingly human picture ", "is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , ", "no apparent joy ", "that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore ", "picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "a tribute ", "has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate ", "little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "is simple but absorbing ", "true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya ", "the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of ", "most practiced ", "the delicious ", "is credible and remarkably mature . ", "no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . ", "been called freddy gets molested by a dog ", "the best star trek movie ", "away a believer again and quite cheered at just that ", "everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view ", "is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "'s most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise ", "most thoughtful ", "that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability ", "a speedy swan dive ", "'s a bargain-basement european pickup ", "become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past ", "tour de ", "convey a sense of childhood imagination ", "harrison ford low ", "try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone ", "that never catches fire ", "( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities ", "a humanistic message ", "light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . ", "sadly -- ", "miike ", "about as interesting ", "'s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him ", "queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . ", "is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause ", "is extremely funny , ", "( a ) mess ", "watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ", "hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . ", "as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", "the first lousy guy ritchie imitation ", "more experimental in its storytelling ", "how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? ", "to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes ", "watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through ", "hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs ", "those prone to indignation need not apply ; ", "seem weird and distanced ", "sterile ", "is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . ", "thoughtful and unflinching examination ", "it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies ", "amateurishly ", "to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing ", "plight and isolation ", "enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games ", "a twist -- far better ", "ultimately takes hold and grips hard . ", "head-turner ", "this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players ", "enjoyed . ", "false and fabricated ", "a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . ", "like it 's wasted yours ", "what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision ", "it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . ", "from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into bu\u00f1uel 's casings ", "to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ", "can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut ", "rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel ", "transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games ", "but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . ", "it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman ", "spend 110 claustrophobic minutes ", "'s almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images ", "can not be revived ", "that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness ", ", it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . ", "the personal touch of manual animation ", "may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless ", "modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up ", "is so clumsily sentimental ", ", they finally feel absolutely earned ", "full circle ", "freewheeling trash-cinema roots ", "for humor and bite ", "left me behind ", ", it is twice as bestial but half as funny . ", "this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special ", "may be disappointed . ", "fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy ", "walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . ", "an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) ", "a new benchmark for lameness ", "is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst ", "seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . ", "truly ", "touching , raucously amusing ", "scoob ", "no art ", "tear-drenched ", "the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story ", "is just as obvious as telling a country skunk ", "a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural ", "20th anniversary edition ", "via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter ", "a film living far too much in its own head ", "with phony imagery or music ", "and narrative flow ", "wonder of wonders ", "is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . ", "an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst ", "it feels accidental ", "a flashy editing style ", "inept and artificial ", "self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue ", "is just such an achievement . ", ", skins is heartfelt and achingly real . ", "is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying ", "will be something to behold ", "amazing breakthrough ", "it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , ", "can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself ", "i liked it just enough . ", "devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking ", "ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation ", "fairly slow paced ", "gorgeousness . ", "keep you engaged ", "keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions ", "am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! ", "a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger ", "saddled ", "directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . ", "the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ", "emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine ", "grin ", "an undeniably intriguing film ", "flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . ", "nice , light treat ", "is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . ", "downward ", "'ll love this movie . ", "a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile . ", "the characters seem one-dimensional ", "grant is certainly amusing , but ", "belly laugh ", "a sure hand ", "swiftly ", "harmless ", "and a terrible story ", "it drowns in sap . ", "astonishing voice cast ", "a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . ", "a hilarious kenneth branagh ", "' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . ", "were a person ", "an important movie , ", "nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale ", "an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . ", "stale , futile scenario . ", "superbly ", "smeary and blurry ", "... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . ", "veers into corny sentimentality , ", "mildly interesting ", "as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , ", "is like a year late ", "is richer than anticipated ", "snow white ", "even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . ", "crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "insanely hilarious ! ", "in as flat ", "is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . ", "long and relentlessly saccharine ", "uneven performances and ", "is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish ", "awakening and ", "despite downplaying her good looks ", "compelling , amusing and unsettling ", "injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ", "if you 're up for that sort of thing ", "as beautifully shaped and ", "fun family fare ", "a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 ", "most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved ", "be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi ", "'s still a guilty pleasure to watch . ", "to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "the courage ", "a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . ", "fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals ", "drags out ", "joyous life ", "that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually ", "is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer ", "conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all ", "very well-written and ", "with originality , humor and pathos ", "recognized ", "entrapment in the maze of modern life ", "from cowering poverty to courage and happiness ", "sinister ", "in the conception than it does in the execution ", "without context -- journalistic or historical ", "if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . ", "does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and ", "... a confusing drudgery . ", "a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "all the hearts it won -- and wins still ", "a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . ", "should share screenwriting credit ", "is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . ", "ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue ", "win any academy awards ", "with a taste for exaggeration ", "a scrooge or two ", "been 13 months and 295 preview screenings ", "instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance ", "features ", "eccentrics ", "of a particularly nightmarish fairytale ", "it offers large rewards ", "mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience ", "their perceptiveness about their own situations ", "has cheapened the artistry of making a film ", "the potential success ", "scotland looks wonderful ", "myers ", "scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph ", "have its charms ", "even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time ", "make a clear point ", "a minor miracle of self-expression ", "while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself ", "might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "connection or identification frustratingly ", "has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ", "of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances ", "sour attempt ", "hunky has-been ", "right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination ", "immensely appealing couple ", "inventive , consistently intelligent ", "one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience ", "disappointed by a movie ", "will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . ", "an asian landscape painting ", "pick up new admirers ", "fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera ", "is that its own action is n't very effective ", "its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high ", "embrace small , sweet ` evelyn ", "much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen ", "is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . ", "remains prominent ", "on cable ", "that are as valid today ", "xerox of other , better crime movies ", "is worth your time ", "it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . ", "the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations ", "the astute direction ", "an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book ", "will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . ", "by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "way cheaper ( and better ) ", "to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen ", "his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family ", "treat for its depiction ", ", it may just scare the pants off you . ", "are totally estranged from reality . ", "is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . ", "by a strong and unforced supporting cast ", "though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . ", "barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely ", "loyal fans ", "script error ", ", accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . ", "call it magic ", "grandiloquent ", "is exceedingly pleasant , ", "big ending surprise ", "of narrative banality ", "has been overexposed ", "two star script ", "the only fun part of the movie ", "is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . ", "its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation ", "of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works ", "little jokes ", "statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . ", "have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned ", "bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ", "colorful and ", "to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "visual coming right ", "as darkly funny , energetic ", "keeping the picture compelling ", "unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . ", "none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' ", "is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . ", "who know nothing about the subject ", "thumbs down ", "we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . ", "like a well-made pb & j sandwich ", "take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . ", "an arcane area of popular culture ", "brimming with coltish , neurotic energy ", "the lively intelligence of the artists ", "firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action ", "in the sun ", "has a real filmmaker 's eye ", "in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . ", "cliche-ridden film ", "accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance ", "so perfect for a ballplayer ", "dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer ", "( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . ", "near miss ", "children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed . ", "a real film ", "brutal and funny ", "to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "'s the perfect star vehicle for grant ", ", hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . ", "no means a slam-dunk and ", "a splash ", "nutty cliches and far too much ", "see because the theater ", "more of a poetic than a strict reality , ", "is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations ", "offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . ", "do n't think this movie loves women at all ", "a picture that was n't all that great to begin with ", "'s fairly lame , ", "arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone ", "the plot ` surprises ", "terribly monotonous ", "are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry ", "wickedly fun ", "a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "arty and ", "a memorable directorial debut from king hunk ", "even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . ", "some real vitality and even ", "he gives none to the audience ", "the urge to doze ", "the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations ", "marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world ", "exciting and well-paced . ", "awkwardly garish showcase ", "` the ch\u00e2teau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' ", "some of its repartee is still worth hearing . ", "the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is ", "viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting ", "one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen . ", "remains brightly optimistic , ", "has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong ", "gently humorous and touching . ", "having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded ", "after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already . ", "a gorgeous film - ", "consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work ", "angelina jolie 's surprising flair ", "'s easier to change the sheets ", "uplifter . ", "morality , family ", "engaging and ", "the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "features nonsensical and laughable plotting ", "than bland ", "'s also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . ", "'s still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points ", "great monster movie ", "hollywood-action cliches ", "much imagination ", "of this reactionary thriller ", "something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ", "perfectly creepy and believable ", "for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . ", "a superlative b movie -- ", "a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- ", "this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted ", "any dummies guide , something ", "some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and ", "joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature ", "has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance ", "bogus ", "to turn his movie in an unexpected direction ", "the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . ", "lacks the skill or presence ", "that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . ", "grabs you ", "it makes up for in heart . ", "a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . ", "enjoying ", ", meandering ", "this crazy life ", "is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . ", "is just a little bit hard to love . ", "well-made evocation ", ", the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . ", "'s hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . ", "'s willing to express his convictions ", "mind-numbingly , indescribably bad ", "very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and ", "sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry ", "lame comedy . ", "an absurd finale ", "a temporal inquiry ", "painfully flat ", "anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . ", "are fleshed-out enough to build any interest ", "my least favorite emotions , ", "achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture ", "completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque ", "a worldly-wise and very funny script ", "with grace and panache ", "forcefully told , with superb performances throughout ", "it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . ", "constant fits of laughter ", "content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - ", "true to its title ", "my greatest pictures , drunken master ", "to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be ", "the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics ", "to have been lost in the translation this time ", "'s something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "ca n't deny its seriousness and quality ", "gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience ", "between two gifted performers ", "smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary ", "is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible ", "is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . ", "incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ", "offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience ", "is even worse ", "in the business ", "is wickedly fun ", "a chocolate ", "is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap ", "to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools ", "from human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", "that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast ", ", the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . ", "shamefully ", "nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album ", "from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc ", "that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ", "his ( nelson 's ) screenplay ", "is a tired one ", "film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure ", "lingering creepiness one ", "see a better thriller ", "rock 's stand-up magic wanes . ", "by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "a serious movie ", "lazy , miserable and smug . ", "can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ", "about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers ", "because it aims so low ", "marginal ", "under your belt ", "terrifying message ", "rewarded with some fine acting ", "a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art ", "'s just rather leaden and dull ", "this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . ", "surrender $ 9 ", ", fits the bill perfectly ", "in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . ", "to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . ", "a funny and touching film that is gorgeously ", "pyrotechnics its punchy style promises ", "believing people were paid to make it ", "it is generally amusing from time to time ", "there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , ", "is just too original to be ignored . ", "children and adults enamored of all things pokemon ", "to gluing you to the edge of your seat ", "reveals itself ", "musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets ", "a glimmer of intelligence or invention ", "you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ", "entertained by the sight of someone ", "a modicum of patience ", "economical ", "indie . ", "this cinderella story ", "featuring reams of flatly ", "of thoughtful war films and those ", "far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama . ", "catastrophic collision ", "of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle ", "'s the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . ", "like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' ", "go from stark desert ", "i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull ", "callow pretension ", "inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "refuses to evaluate his own work ", "beyond the end zone ", ", despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . ", "'ll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state ", "michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . ", "sweet and fluffy ", "at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left ", "what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors ", "it drags ", "if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . ", "the spectacle ", "almost as offensive as `` freddy ", "from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew ", "intriguing , observant ", "gives these women ", "this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy ", "their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse ", "equals the sum of its pretensions . ", "indoor drama ", "loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into ", "'s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . ", "rich historical subject ", "which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues ", "'s as crisp and to the point ", "it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . ", ", you might soon be looking for a sign . ", "humor , warmth , ", "lukewarm and ", "our deepest , media-soaked fears ", "feeling a part of its grand locations ", "excruciatingly unfunny and ", "only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching ", "good b movies ", "peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . ", "meets his future wife ", "feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies ", "in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining ", ", its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . ", "its heartfelt concern ", "'s crafty , energetic and smart ", "bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ", "community-college advertisement ", "a vision ", "shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting ", "loud , chaotic and largely unfunny ", "is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film ", "are good ", "crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ", "intensely romantic ", "buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . ", "critical backlash ", "fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching ", "avary seems to care about ", "this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . ", "matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus ", "is a filmmaker of impressive talent ", "well-acted ", "are complex and quirky , but entirely believable ", "its premise is smart , ", "( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . ", "it 's going to be a trip ", "the emperor 's club , ", "self-consciously flashy camera effects ", "entirely charming ", "what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians ", "a very charming and funny movie ", "some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . ", "really long , slow and dreary time ", "watch this movie ", "he has severe body odor ", "rare for any movie ", "a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood ", "incoherent ", "like movies that demand four hankies ", "there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . ", "stiflingly ", "ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . ", "dredge ", "no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- ", "delivers big time ", "breathes more on the big screen ", "tortured husband ", "the stunt work is top-notch ; ", "there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ", "encumbers itself with complications ", "blond honeys ", "for a thirteen-year-old 's book report ", "to make their way through this tragedy ", "has severe body odor ", "down a familiar road with a few twists ", "satisfaction ", "funniest and most likeable movie in years ", "loves them to pieces ", "gently funny , sweetly adventurous film ", "the subtitles fool you ", "charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . ", "delicate , clever ", "that kidman has become one of our best actors ", "carefully choreographed ", "road trip ", "to bodacious ", "... is magnificent ", "excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . ", "is more than merely a holocaust movie ", "interested in entertaining itself ", "fearless ", "even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin ", "everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial ", "from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago ", "an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . ", "ick ", "leaden script ", "empathy ", "about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season ", "speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , ", "made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun ", "the man ", "the most resolutely unreligious parents ", "entertaining to watch the target practice ", "interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side ", "make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "superficial . ", "every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , ", "the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . ", "something of a public service -- ", "incapable ", "anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . ", "a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "time bombs and ", "gondry 's direction is adequate ", "like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . ", "rooting against , ", "of direct-to-video nash ", "leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach ", "steven soderbergh 's earlier films ", "a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality ", "'re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you ", "an interesting and at times captivating ", "a sour taste in one 's mouth , ", "worked five years ago ", "is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians ", "be post-feminist breezy ", "is downright doltish and uneventful ", "obnoxious 88-minute ", "crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins ", "spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects ", "a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell ", "they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot ", "absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes ", "wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses ", "farcically bawdy ", "that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender ", "something 's horribly wrong ", "action scenes ", "incredibly inane ", "whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- ", "highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated ", "overdoing ", "because it is japanese and yet feels universal ", "the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . ", "a few are sexy ", "i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ", "demented in a good way ", "yet engrossing piece ", ", wonderful ", "with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ", "to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags ", "it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , ", "a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . ", "succeeded ", "truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "a solid base ", "off the page , and for the memorable character creations ", "real pleasure ", "uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . ", "'s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic ", "rises ) ", "is a disaster , ", "`` the best disney movie ", "educates ", "unlimited access to families and church meetings ", "this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed . ", "is a winner . ", "intelligent , caustic ", "welcome and heartwarming ", "done his subject justice ", "'ll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser ", "that gave people seizures ", "across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited ", "'s just tediously bad ", "turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder ", "an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale ", "it 's not particularly well made ", "the long-faced sad sack ", "it 's offensive ", "into a warmed over pastiche ", "... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' ", "complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop ", "more bizarre than actually amusing ", "confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . ", "the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . ", "perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "funny , and even touching ", "of mindless pace in collision ", "ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold . ", "its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves ", ", sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . ", "still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it ", "need of some trims ", ", a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . ", "never fails him ", "performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", ", it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . ", "is remembering ", "steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious ", "laugh-out-loud lines , ", "of the most original american productions this year ", "charismatic enough ", "a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride ", "its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) ", "they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "be distinguished from a mediocre one ", "followed through on her defiance of the saccharine ", "an exhilarating experience . ", "there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry ", "to a problem hollywood too long has ignored ", "the by now intolerable morbidity ", "rare directors ", ", alone , should scare any sane person away . ", "in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "marginal intelligence ", "is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth ", "rude and crude humor ", "his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass ", "craven ", "girls , right down the reality drain ", "presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . ", "capable of anteing up some movie star charisma ", "than the real thing ", "a very entertaining , thought-provoking film ", "made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "those so-so films that could have been much better ", "overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . ", "it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . ", "puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . ", "moore wonderfully ", "with the fast , funny , and even touching story ", "well-contructed ", "surrounding us with hyper-artificiality ", "makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing ", "poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . ", "a cultural wildcard experience ", "seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense ", "such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . ", "mush ", "ambiguous enough to be engaging and ", "dashing and resourceful hero ", "all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . ", "on a true and historically significant story ", "takes itself all too seriously ", "its creator 's comic voice ", "stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences ", "share their enthusiasm ", "warm up to ", "dedicated ", "few sleepless hours ", "have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ", "is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil ", "every bit as fascinating ", "of the most unpleasant things the studio ", "made with an enormous amount of affection ", "you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "sink this ` sub ' ", "heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . ", "important director ", "grows on you -- like a rash . ", "rushed to the megaplexes ", "the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . ", "hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references ", "watchable up ", "bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . ", "is a hilarious adventure ", "from oscar-winning master ", "by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out ", "went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside ", "a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "a black hole ", "beautiful and ", "is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . ", "on their parents ' anguish ", "report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline ", "wry observations ", "for the film 's winning tone ", "suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing ", "blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . ", "the pushiness and decibel volume ", "satisfies , as comfort food often can ", "purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . ", ", the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . ", "audacious-impossible yet compelling ", "this insipid , brutally clueless film ", "is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . ", "to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "another classic ", "a neat trick ", "is twice as bestial but half as funny . ", "on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid ", "that 's its first sign of trouble . ", "has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline ", "for intelligibility ", "the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay ", "grows boring despite the scenery ", "something is rotten in the state of california ", "unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire . ", "the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun ", ", `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . ", "makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering ", "rich and full life ", "marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . ", "which is nothing to sneeze at these days ", "inside the mess that is world traveler ", "are canny and spiced with irony ", "was n't enough ", "runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ", "marred ", "the broiling sun for a good three days ", "sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? ", "bloated effects ", "will prefer this new version ", "its story ", "discarded ", "this loose collection of largely improvised numbers ", "addition to being very funny ", "we get the comedy we settle for . ", "a twisted sense of humor ", ", starving and untalented ", "a great companion piece to other napoleon films . ", "seem barely in the same movie ", "adorably ", "with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors ", "has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and ", "to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face ", "does no justice ", "the writing is insipid ", "terrific computer graphics , ", "is magnificent ", "fun-seeking ", "is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out ", "was reading the minds of the audience . ", "is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... ", "ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds ", "a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller ", "... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ... ", "it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory ", "female population ", "to seduce and conquer ", "pompous ", "i also believe that resident evil is not it . ", "both a great and a terrible story ", "is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage ", "ugly digital video ", "an honesty and dignity ", "below ", "the logic ", "i hate it . ", "to mention absolutely refreshed . ", "the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . ", "an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . ", "provocative piece ", "leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing ", "is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers ", "lacking any real emotional impact ", "star trek was kind of terrific once , ", "you 've seen it all before ", "a memorable directorial debut ", "dramatic and emotional pull ", "considerable skill and determination , ", "a tragic love story ", "a ton of laughs ", "by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline ", "alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . ", "a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors ", "a pretty good execution ", "its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , ", "of the smarter offerings the horror genre ", "'s just too boring and obvious ", "makes the grade as tawdry trash . ", "makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . ", "completely satisfying ", "an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema ", "reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . ", "between flaccid satire and what ", "the heart soar ", "this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . ", ", earnest and -- sadly -- dull ", "rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword ", "verve and fun ", "shoddy ", "enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . ", "a true cinematic knack ", "this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . ", "the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough ", "the stomach-turning violence ", "that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde ", "female friendship that men can embrace and ", "a chuckle ", "'s so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . ", "sorority boys is a bowser . ", "stunningly trite ", "best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . ", "does n't have big screen magic ", "triumphs ", "brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . ", "an a-list director ", "appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . ", "7th heaven ", "spiritless , silly and monotonous ", "with superb performances throughout ", "he 's been in years ", "elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love . ", "interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast ", "nerds ", "how bad an actress she is ", "clever , ", "fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster ", "'s plenty to enjoy ", "the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "the most ravaging , ", "truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent ", "in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title ", "makes us believe she is kahlo ", "and thought-provoking film ", "baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic ", "it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but ", "presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) ", "is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . ", "a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point ", "it 's quite diverting nonsense . ", "an established filmmaker ", "obstacles ", "paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . ", "own placid way ", "even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . ", "the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... ", "to its ultimate demise ", "could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay ", "seeing things from new sides , ", "crowd-pleasing ", "overbearing and ", "is one word that best describes this film : honest . ", "did no one on the set have a sense of humor , ", "'s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary ", "resourceful hero ", "the still-inestimable contribution ", "killed my father ", "convey a tiny sense of hope ", "meandering , and sometimes dry ", "( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , ", "legged freaks ", "becomes a bit of a mishmash ", "what ( frei ) gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . ", "insomnia is one of the year 's best films and ", "boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . ", "a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms . ", "sappy ", "would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . ", "is far from disappointing , offering an original ", "the concept is a hoot . ", "its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . ", "about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing ", "wretched movie ", "pitch-perfect ", "that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation ", "just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . ", "sleep ", "the piano teacher ", "avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash ", "to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california ", "a small , personal film ", "disturbingly ", "is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . ", "his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ", "'m going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care ", "spinning a web of dazzling entertainment ", "jeffrey tambor 's ", "fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . ", "delicately calibrated in tone ", "legendary ", "oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . ", "a soulless jumble of ineptly ", "the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time ", "evelyn comes from the heart . ", "it will be well worth your time . ", "one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "on crummy-looking videotape ", "balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem ", "nice twists ", "most pitiful ", "for a movie that tries to be smart ", "run for cover ", "tolerate leon barlow ", "wants ", "the film 's creepy ", "'s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , ", "a moving story of determination and the human spirit . ", "profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . ", "... unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . ", "crisp and purposeful without overdoing it ", "grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery ", "comically ", "crafted , and well ", "talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate ", "scenes brim ", "is a movie you can trust . ", "does n't deliver a great story , ", "charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments ", "this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . ", "the silliness ", "of matthew shepard ", "showtime deserves the hook . ", "the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . ", "be intimate and socially encompassing ", "with passion ", "an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . ", "it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! ", "episodic choppiness ", "awfully hard ", "it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged ", "of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions ", "a no-holds-barred cinematic ", "a crowdpleaser as ", "pointless mayhem ", "pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism ", "plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . ", "more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . ", "that started with a great premise and then just fell apart ", "completely awful iranian drama ", "adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture ", "cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and ", "thoughtless , ", "stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , ", "better off staying on the festival circuit ", "overcome the problematic script ", "its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers ", "quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ", "an important political documentary ", "overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities ", "with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . ", "pissed ", ", and irritating ", "ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . ", "substandard performances ", "is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy ", "warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people ", "that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ", "an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . ", "eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension ", "is dreary and sluggish . ", "fluidity and sense ", "'s funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true . ", "'s an unhappy situation all around . ", "find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "is not real ", "more of : spirit , perception , conviction ", "an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product ", "triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude ", "a japan bustling ", "one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence ", "that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition ", "relayed by superb ", "chillingly ", "figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm ", "brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . ", "but the actors make this worth a peek . ", "in a superficial way , while never sure ", "is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . ", "but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half ", "this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie ", "the working class to life ", "the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . ", "the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder ", "into a cinematic poem ", "potent exploration ", "there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and ", "the barriers finally prove to be too great ", "` a ' list cast ", "sinuously plotted ", "is deliberately unsettling ", "a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "the ideas tie together beautifully ", "this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer ", "but dull and ankle-deep ", "what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . ", "your idea of a good time ", "rounded and revealing ", "crowdpleaser ", "lacking any sense of commitment ", "a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective ", "was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout ", "as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . ", "this often-hilarious farce ", "evil , monstrous lunatic ", "glossy melodrama ", "presented in convincing way ", "about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . ", "being wickedly funny and just plain wicked ", "astonishing ... ", "deftly executed ", "that this is one summer film that satisfies ", "remarkable amount ", "`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . ", "actress-producer and writer ", ", the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' ", "who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man ", "street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or ", "big stars and high production values are standard procedure ", "that even its target audience talked all the way through it ", "from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground ", "smarter offerings ", "made the full monty a smashing success ", "has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . ", "at its best , which occurs often ", "with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "'ve had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . ", "equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ", "seem irritatingly transparent ", "masterpiece ", "nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . ", "stellar ", "called freddy gets molested by a dog ", "with passion and attitude ", "so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope ", "if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular ", "never quite gel ", "a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy ", "a surgeon mends ", ", you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . ", "discursive ", "wonder ", "fires the winning shot ", "intimate and panoramic . ", ", incoherent ", "philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing ", "france 's foremost cinematic poet ", "visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . ", "takes a hat-in-hand approach ", "world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , ", "that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting ", "can aspire but none can equal ", "once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me ", "falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey ", "afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn ", "an apartheid drama ", "gentle but ", "imaginative and successful ", "plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff ", "an amazing slapstick ", "achieve ", "goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest ", "derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved ", ", this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . ", "too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . ", "the world 's political situation ", "stubbornly refused to gel ", "notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , ", "it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . ", "romp that 's always fun to watch ", "that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither ", "'d watch these two together again in a new york minute . ", "jovial air ", "well-meant ", "the immersive powers ", "moments to keep it entertaining ", "each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . ", "romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . ", "usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona ", "k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia ", "violent and ", "and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . ", "nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film ", "really bad blair witch project ", "equally beautiful , self-satisfied ", "really busts out of its comfy little cell ", "a mere excuse ", "helps create a complex , unpredictable character ", "a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation ", "comforting fantasies ", "godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . ", "a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for ", "drains his movie of all individuality ", "it might have been ", "has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . ", "as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . ", "the imagined glory of their own pasts ", "with one of france 's most inventive directors ", "carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders ", "its director 's most substantial feature for some time . ", "be , by its art and heart , a necessary one ", "halle berry does her best to keep up with him ", "mean-spirited lashing ", "had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny ", "as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' ", "deep feeling ", "dumb action movie ", "do n't come off ", "`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . ", "easily the most thoughtful fictional examination ", "sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "undeterminable ", "tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . ", "look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes ", "do not fit ", "uncomfortably timely , relevant , and ", "suited neither ", "the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , ", "pizazz ", "like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form ", "is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture ", "vile enough ", "the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking ", "that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging ", "in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "deliver again and again ", "grade ", "audacity and ", "with added depth and resonance ", "the world 's best actors , ", "there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . ", "betrayal , forgiveness and murder ", "chase to end all chases ", "be the only one laughing at his own joke ", "begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ", "leguizamo 's best movie work so far ", "that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation ", "was particularly funny ", "ca n't even ", "marveilleux ", "it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it ", "clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... ", "surprising flair ", "sheerly beautiful ", "goes downhill . ", "when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . ", "wanted to leave ", "sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . ", ", but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid ", "`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . ", "one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . ", "a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . ", "been trying to forget ", "ambitious , eager ", "too loud , too goofy ", "in their cheap , b movie way ", "it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme ", "not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works ", "action man clich\u00e9 ", "are just two of the elements that will grab you . ", "gets added disdain for the fact ", ", fun , curiously adolescent movie ", "trashy time ", "even more remarkable ", "bright ", "shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) ", "polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way ", "'s dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast ", "make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school ", "to proceed as the world implodes ", "deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill ", "is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ", "chelsea hotel ", "i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ", "a kind of ghandi gone bad ", "still have to see this ! ", "lack contrast ", "is a successful one ", "with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . ", "nothing wrong with performances here ", "easy to swallow , ", "happened to good actors ", "in ireland over a man ", "the fun ", "if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars ", "painted on their largest-ever historical canvas ", "jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , ", "wonderfully ", "a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues ", "to abandon the theater ", "what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . ", "assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear ", "thrills , ", "lacking a depth ", "a clear-eyed ", "none of which ever seem to hit ", "immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . ", "which they have been patiently waiting for ", "huge disappointment coming ", "is rather choppy ", "a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth ", "'m going to give it a marginal thumbs up ", "your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this ", "of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "an all-star salute ", "the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . ", "will win you over , in a big way ", "for industrial-model meat freezers ", "kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book ", "the overuse of special effects ", ", sometimes creepy intimacy ", "there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . ", "laugh once ( maybe twice ) ", "it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned ", "those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home ", "employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities ", "run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and ", "gentlemen ", ", ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . ", "'s not that funny -- which is just generally insulting ", "morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . ", "may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . ", "game supporting cast ", ", with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . ", "gloriously goofy way ", "nothing happens , ", "is painterly . ", "does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting ", "what 's with all the shooting ", "of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "'s a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . ", "called `` jar-jar binks : the movie ", "lowered your entertainment standards ", "is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet ", "then blood work is for you . ", "waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this ", "her confidence in her material ", "do well to cram earplugs ", "proficient , dull sorvino ", "cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and ", "unassuming , subordinate ", "to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances ", "intellect and ", "even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . ", "celebrates ", "a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "oscar-caliber ", "exactly how bad it is ", "`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme ", "sane person ", "with cardboard characters and performers ", "squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' ", "is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn ", "on the promise of excitement ", "still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . ", "will keep coming ", "loses himself to the film 's circular structure ", "rooted ", "remarkably original work ", "is marveilleux ", "director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great ", "stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily ", "tasty performance ", "it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish ", "of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at ", ", and dramatically moving ", "was just a matter of ` eh ", "crafty and intelligent ", "well paced and satisfying ", "contrived situations ", "a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , ", "fragmented ", "an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything ", "has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . ", "a tedious picture ", "own brightly colored dreams ", "flaccid odd-couple sniping ", "enjoy yourselves ", "the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and ", "visual and verbal clich\u00e9s ", ", the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' ", "go back and choose to skip it ", "it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense ", "about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "emphasizes the computer and the cool ", "truly deserving of its oscar nomination ", "a very valuable film ", "successes ", "you would n't turn down a big bowl of that ", "heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness ", "like you 've actually spent time living in another community ", "a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clich\u00e9s and showcases a group of dedicated artists ", "far more interested in gross-out humor ", "unsatisfied ", "the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . ", "the right frame of mind ", "for laughs and not the last time ", "pretentious mess ", "mediocre horror film ", "meandering , low on energy , and too eager ", "where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . ", "kitschy goodwill ", "pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess . ", "on the premise ", "makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose ", "like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions ", "adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt ", "'s not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . ", "a gritty police thriller ", "pretty listless collection ", "a breathtaking adventure ", "the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph ", "thematically and stylistically ", "for on-screen chemistry ", "is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience ", "whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people ", "more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . ", "into your heart ", "goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear ", "i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film ", "making moving pictures today ", "make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' ", "better characters ", "bitchy ", "which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director ", "hence , storytelling is far more appealing ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , ", "gender politics ", "it 's a rock-solid little genre picture ", "exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . ", "over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . ", "is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ", "affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "too fancy ", "never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . ", "the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want . ", "spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . ", "waters ", "theater ", "this charmer ", "technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive ", "literary detective story ", "destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . ", "the worst film of the year ", "some strong performances ", "seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do ", "swimfan does catch on ", "do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't ", "a worthwhile documentary ", "is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two ", "to anyone who loves both dance and cinema ", "that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release ", "curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner ", "ruined his career ", "falls to the floor with a sickening thud ", "a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism ", "this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one ", "ultra-cheesy dialogue ", "shock and amaze ", "in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment ", "huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people ", "could be any flatter ", "a grenade with his teeth ", "the ranks ", "gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . ", "to the energetic and always surprising performance ", "are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , ", "are worth the price of admission ... ", "might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 has been unturned . ", "lacks juice and delight ", "a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . ", "aground after being snared in its own tangled plot ", "is like sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . ", "without beauty or humor ", "solid and refined piece ", "a plodding mess ", "were written by somebody else ", "a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead ", "rash ", "funniest moments ", "owed to benigni ", "this movie is to be cherished . ", "thrill you , ", "spare dialogue and ", "has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . ", "tragic deaths ", ", you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . ", "there is nothing redeeming about this movie . ", "a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , ", "nothing ", "it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul ", "the tortured and self-conscious material ", "the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . ", "that deserves recommendation ", "attractive and ", "the most entertaining moments ", "the show 's concept ", "stifles creativity and ", "stiletto-stomps the life out ", "substitutable ", "tired , unnecessary retread ", "transcendence ", ", stupid and pointless ", "is spectacular ", "the movie is hardly a masterpiece ", "achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity ", "slice of hitchcockian suspense . ", "to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's ", "of joy and energy ", "pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them ", "he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing ", "touching and tender ", "that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises ", "peppered with false starts ", "appealing about the characters ", "is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ", "gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences ", "more than a bait-and-switch ", "robert harmon 's less-is-more approach ", "an affectionately goofy satire ", "sickening product placement ", "is just lazy ", "rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . ", "emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers ", "when a movie has stuck around for this long ", "does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . ", ", loud , painful , obnoxious ", "relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and ", "computer-generated cold fish ", "'s more enjoyable than i expected , though ", "emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them ", "this is n't worth sitting through ", "does n't come much lower . ", "'m just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike ", "a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower ", "of the best films of the year ", "been there done that . ", "misleading ", "high ", "a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . ", "seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation ", "well-structured film ", "as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . ", "wretchedly ", "sweet , and intermittently hilarious ", "mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes ", "bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery ", "the franchise 's best years ", "really get inside of them . ", "worth your seven bucks ", "brims with passion ", "on a pedestal ", "while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "throwaway ", "it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ", "the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans ", "clumsy dialogue , ", "with considerable wit ", "the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , ", "that they are actually releasing it into theaters ", "dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie ", "workmanlike in the extreme ", "occasional smiles ", "as unblinkingly pure as the hours ", "that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him ", "talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark ", "it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . ", "ill-timed ", "has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange ", "see this movie with my sisters ", "their cruel fate ", "would have a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ", "of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name ", "lame ", "simpering soundtrack ", "totally exemplify ", "formidable ", "na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary ", "labored gags ", "heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and ", "'s defiantly and delightfully against the grain . ", "of great actors hamming it up ", "logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd ", "a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in ", ", every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . ", ", the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . ", ", welcome to collinwood never catches fire . ", "right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . ", "comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire ", "there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ", "lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks ", "learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy ", "old-fashioned scary movie ", "cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . ", "'s the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . ", "is among wiseman 's warmest . ", "sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . ", "uneven but a lot of fun ", "it 's compelling ", "an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . ", "though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations ", "though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity ", "bloated ", "wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , ", "profound ethical and philosophical questions ", "then biting into it and finding the filling missing ", "really rather special ", "being memorable ", "good and different ", "this film 's impressive performances ", "down-and-dirty ", "a compelling yarn ", "most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' ", "there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . ", ", blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . ", "than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies ", "all-enveloping movie experience ", "great shame ", "to hate it ", "a part of its grand locations ", "bogs down in genre cliches here ", "'s definitely a step in the right direction . ", "a high-end john hughes comedy , ", "'s film ' in the worst sense of the expression . ", "gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic . ", "its grand locations ", "a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style ", "new york 's finest and ", "entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated ", "like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry ", "this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . ", "the franchise 's best years are long past ", "it sucked . ", "enjoy its own transparency ", "are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy ", "in this marvelous film ", "i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was ", "cultural and economic subtext ", "as a seven rip-off ", "subtly kinky bedside vigils and ", "'s little to recommend snow dogs , ", "is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . ", "sometimes funny ", "manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . ", "a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . ", "it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . ", "this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure ", "is as consistently engaging as it is revealing ", "suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", "little doubt ", ", it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . ", "honesty and dignity ", "bile ", "has really found his groove these days . ", "feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy ", "tear their eyes away from the screen ", "discerned here that producers would be well to heed ", "could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life ", "elegantly appointed ", "girl entry ", "a solid emotional impact ", "of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties ", "'s about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . ", "begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully ", "strangely funny ", "principled ", "is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and ", "forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . ", "steal ", "should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it ", "a sour taste in your mouth ", "fascinating examination ", "motivated by nothing ", "stupid sequel ", "mr. scorsese 's ", "find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation ", "definitely a step in the right direction ", "suicidal ", "the long list of renegade-cop tales ", "like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . ", "that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar ", "a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film ", "like a cold old man going through the motions ", "the charms of the lead performances ", "guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", ", cultivation and devotion ", "feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . ", "of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ", "is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory ", "grace and humor ", "a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . ", "define a generation ", "collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension ", "a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . ", "compelling new material ", "contriving ", "for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . ", "become comparatively sane and healthy ", "some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) ", "the update is dreary and sluggish . ", "who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship ", "rhetoric and clich\u00e9 ", "in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers ", "on sophisticated , discerning taste ", "interesting bit ", "memorable ", "has some freakish powers of visual charm ", "is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice ", "lovely and ", "absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters ", "i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... ", "` gentle ' ", "real human soul ", "war movies ", "zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups ", "in remembrance ", ", wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . ", "follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and ", "while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . ", "relentlessly nasty ", "'s loud and boring ", "surprisingly funny movie ", "the `` a '' range , ", "completely honest ", "does little ", "makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . ", ", dramatized pbs program ", "clueless ", "amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community ", "what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or ", "well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , ", "oscar caliber cast ", "is hardly journalism at all ", "it is also beautifully acted . ", "angry and ", "you feel good ", "mergers and downsizing ", "-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- ", "a pale imitation ", "pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel ", "fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema ", "better at fingering problems than finding solutions ", "are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . ", "the best of hollywood 's comic-book ", "kooky and overeager ", "mordantly funny and ", "it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial ", "of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart ", "is awful ", "silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther ", "has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year ", "dahmer ", "it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "promises a new kind of high ", ", remains surprisingly idealistic ", "all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . ", "absurdly simplistic picture ", "loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin ", "i stay positive ", "real emotional impact ", "to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady ", "there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , ", "not a bad way ", "than romantic ", "it washed out despite all of that ", "were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned ", "while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen ", "lush and beautifully ", "pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice ", "like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 ", "we had to endure last summer , ", "jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . ", "greatest pictures ", "moving tragedy ", "the charms ", "harrowing account ", "so bland and utterly forgettable ", "than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes ", "he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading ", "the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair ", "the problems ", "steers refreshingly clear ", "a halfwit plot ", "something vital about the movie ", "assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "a rare and lightly entertaining ", "bona fide ", "perpetually wasted ", "grittily beautiful film ", "a class with that of wilde ", "for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ", "childish ", "starts out ", "though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie ", "star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . ", "be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble ", "of family tradition and familial community ", "halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , ", "singularly off-putting romantic comedy . ", "with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . ", "'s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . ", "am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies ", "strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . ", "a great idea ", "venture forth ", "decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set ", "has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ", ", and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ", "what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors ", "are really surprising ", "and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . ", "runs for only 71 minutes and ", "is extraordinarily good ", "nowhere fast ", "see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some ", "( jeff 's ) gorgeous , ", "in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate ", "addictive guilty pleasure ", "seem heroic deserves a look ", "dull , dumb and derivative horror ", "farts , urine , feces , ", "against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting ", "at a grade-school audience ", "immense ", "strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder ", "no worse a film ", "annoying , ", "'s routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ", "the movie 's seams may show ... ", "simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . ", "our infantilized culture ", "a bad movie ", "remains brightly optimistic ", "is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours ", "restrictive and chaotic ", "its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction ", "perry 's good and his is an interesting character ", "a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child . ", "a slapdash mess ", "of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes ", "the first mistake , i suspect , ", "'m not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "it 's impossible to care ", "makes his films so memorable ", "with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump ", "has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just ", "hurts to watch ", "a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop ", "obscure this movie 's lack of ideas ", "see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade ", "the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . ", "shallow and immature character ", "disappointed by a movie in a long time ", "wheezy ", "weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism ", "no quarter to anyone ", "a wild , endearing , masterful documentary ", "will not be for much longer ", "it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes ", "everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for ", "as if he or she has missed anything ", "high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and ", "the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch ", "watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint ", "made nature film and a tribute ", "a very good time at the cinema ", "human power ", "is capped with pointless extremes ", "the one-sided theme ", "pure venality -- ", "as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' ", "at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work ", "sketchy but nevertheless ", "neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear ", "of warmth ", "great cinematic polemic ", "unexpected blast ", "... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . ", "kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and ", "wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one ", "inevitably consigned ", "tosses around sex toys and offers ", "sophisticated and ", "i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . ", "'s not a fresh idea ", "this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , ", "an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing ", ", really good ", "brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "still serious problem ", "is likely to find compelling ", "morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about ", "fine documentary ", "painful ride ", "seems embarrassed by his own invention ", "director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ", "the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but ", "the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired ", ", intelligence and verve ", "from pinnacle to pinnacle ", "'s insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships ", "to be distasteful to children and adults alike ", "that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout ", "which ones shtick ", "the script ? ", "is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . ", "terrific date movie ", "hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ", "loser ", "returns the martial arts master to top form ", "an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism . ", "if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - ", "we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . ", "a rather dull , unimaginative car chase ", "and powerful documentary ", "effective moments ", "seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . ", "of the best films ", "a delightful comedy centering on food ", "it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , ", "is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ", "it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . ", "that 's fun for kids of any age . ", "like its title character , is repellantly out of control . ", "to easy feel-good sentiments ", "brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness . ", ", quite simply , should n't have been made ", "no big whoop , nothing new to see ", "reading your scripts before signing that dotted line ", "see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "than a stifling morality tale ", "thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ", "to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "it does n't make for great cinema ", "fuzziness ", "offering next to little insight ", "makes two hours feel like four ", "will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . ", "nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie ", "to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene ", "the dark visions already relayed by superb ", "the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent ", "formulaic equations ", "could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture ", "a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . ", "an energetic and engaging film ", "one of the best gay love stories ever made ", "be glued to the screen ", "there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . ", "most thoughtful fictional examination ", "i do n't think this movie loves women at all . ", "ca n't go wrong ", "totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . ", "( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire ", "no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , ", "is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese ", "to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show ", "a movie this bad ", "a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity ", "there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid ", "unencouraging ", "do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl ", "is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition ", "two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected ", "that will thrill you , touch you and make you ", "homogenized and a bit contrived ", "bombastic and ultimately empty ", "that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh ", "real characters ", "did n't care ", "fumbles the vital action sequences ", "inventive ", "is so deadly dull ", "leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject ", "adds an almost constant mindset of suspense ", "boisterous and utterly charming ", "fabulousness ", "ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered ", "will want to see over and over again ", "evocative shades ", "was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise ", "if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . ", ", mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . ", "'s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role ", "probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . ", "postcard perfect , ", "that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton ", "the script is smart , not cloying . ", "wit and hoopla ", "those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself ", "its funny , moving yarn ", "unrelated ", "best and most exciting movies ", "is far less mature "], "label": [1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0]}
{"sentence": ["full of deep feeling ", "an ordeal ", "a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller ", "flawed humanity ", "less entertaining ", "be a talky bore ", "a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . ", "into a lyrical and celebratory vision ", "the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . ", "in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "dismissed as mindless ", "his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad ", "'s mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . ", "a wide summer audience ", "an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment . ", "worse than bland ", "peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . ", "content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . ", "definitely worth ", "you find yourself praying for a quick resolution ", "in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' ", "an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . ", "a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience ", "a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama ", "when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "the unfulfilling , incongruous , ", "'s little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . ", "jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations ", "another cool crime movie ", "enigma is well-made , ", "pungent ", "the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming ", "was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had ", "overweight and out ", "a less-compelling soap opera ", "precious little substance ", "packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst ", "radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . ", "is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . ", "one of the worst films of the summer ", "offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies ", "leave this loser ", "an immensely entertaining look ", "is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration ", "sympathetic without being gullible ", "more accurate than anything ", "to be a boy truly in love with a girl ", "the writing is indifferent , ", "characteristically startling visual style ", "forgets to make it entertaining ", "saved from ", "was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles ", "fun ", "beguiling ", "the upbeat ending feels like a copout ", "melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . ", "able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn ", "nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant ", "is definitely a director to watch ", "robert de niro performance ", "watch with kids and use to introduce video as art ", "the movie is a mess from start to finish . ", "sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ", ", charming and quirky ", "while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift ", "above all ", "finely cut diamond ", "it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes ", "the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . ", "slight but ", "amusing from time ", "the plot has a number of holes , and ", "would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film ", "the movie as a whole ", "famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer . ", "the minds and hearts ", "charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark ", "bowling you over ", "... overly melodramatic ... ", "some genuine quirkiness ", "ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . ", "admire it ", "for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance ", "fabulously funny ", "`` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "misogynist evil ", "solid , spooky entertainment ", "for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film ", "be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ", "that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday ", "what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . ", "turn bill paxton into an a-list director ", "is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "has a tired , talky feel ", "aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire ", "hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "handled with intelligence and care ", "an in-depth portrait ", "sensation ", "completely lacking in chills ", "take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side ", "essential ", "a mess . ", "is by far the worst movie of the year ", "savor the pleasure of his sounds and images ", "none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens ", "of expository material ", "letting you share her one-room world for a while ", "to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief ", "is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . ", "ca n't even do that much ", "is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . ", "be liked sometimes ", "director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . ", ", funnier . ", "if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . ", "is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness ", "-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified ", "buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary ", "ingenious and often harrowing ", "yielded such a flat , plodding picture ", "the film starts promisingly , but ", "its rather routine script ", "a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite ", "a grittily beautiful film ", "'s far from a groundbreaking endeavor ", "most breezy movie steven spielberg ", "get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized ", "escape ", "'s a sad , sick sight ", "there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch ", "odoriferous thing ... ", "meandering and pointless ", "high-strung but flaccid drama ", "underachiever ", "human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard ", "funny no-brainer ", "spiced ", "irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , ", "in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker ", "tremble without losing his machismo ", "for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ", "is so earnest in its yearning for the days ", "i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . ", "a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . ", "fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ", "loads of irreparable damage ", "collective ", "many ways the perfect festival film ", "descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ", "make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore ", "rather bland ", "is worth the price of admission ", "( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . ", "frank capra played this story straight . ", "its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered ", "is worse : ", "keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise ", ", esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . ", "this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? ", "enter ", ", yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . ", "dutiful precision ", "refreshingly natural ", "uneven dialogue and plot lapses ", ", prepackaged julia roberts wannabe ", "is hypnotic ", "sweet ", "elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . ", "a hypnotic portrait ", "unnoticed and underappreciated ", "examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less ", "the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller ", "of routine stuff yuen ", "the emotional depth ", "'s really unclear ", "how horrible ", "as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . ", "looking like something wholly original ", "low-key romantic comedy ", "love him ", "that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery ", "there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' ", "his fake backdrops and stately pacing ", "were hailed as the works of an artist . ", "frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . ", "of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "dystopian ", "that loses sight of its own story ", "collapses into an inhalant blackout ", "ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . ", "reason to go ", "engross ", "ca n't be dismissed as mindless ", "a terrific look ", "ca n't wait to see what the director does next ", "smart new comedy ", "too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ", "except it 's much , much better . ", "astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap ", "the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and ", "be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "often pointless ", "sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue ", "is powerful and provocative . ", "refreshingly smart and newfangled variation ", "'s so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such ", "the scuzzy underbelly ", "the delicious pulpiness ", "i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . ", "unbearably ", "each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . ", "almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ... ", "dips key moments from the film ", "ally ", "an unwieldy cast ", "creepy turn ", "it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . ", "`` serious issues '' ", "just is n't as weird as it ought to be . ", "an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , ", "too long and ", "an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . ", "ridicule factor ", "clumsy dialogue ", "ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending ", "recommend secretary ", "a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head ", "could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 ", "obnoxious adults ", "an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . ", "also has many of the things that made the first one charming . ", "any shoddy product ", ", meditative ", "as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ", "if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "touching reflection ", "even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort . ", "the match that should be used to burn every print of the film ", "one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema ", "it has definite weaknesses ", "affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed ", "a bad way ", "an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage ", "a small movie with a big heart . ", ", it 's contrived and predictable ", ", danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . ", "delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . ", "dazzling , remarkably unpretentious ", "is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects ", "up as the worst kind of hubristic folly ", "fun , with an undeniable energy ", "tradition and warmth ", "crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . ", "yet , it must be admitted , ", "the labyrinthine ways ", "full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . ", "to extremist name-calling ", "the recording sessions are intriguing ", "a james bond series ", "with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact ", "is pure , exciting moviemaking . ", "offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people ", "'s a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough ", "like the hours as an alternative ", "ranges from bad ", "'s not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original ", "immature and unappealing to care about ", "should pay reparations to viewers . ", "with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard ", "should n't have been made ", "a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound ", "cerebral ", "than to call attention to themselves ", ", it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds ", "dull , brain-deadening hangover ", "inherent absurdity ", "that 's hard to resist ", "the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy ", "sucks , but has a funny moment or two ", "undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation ", "wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . ", "discomfort and embarrassment ", "schmaltzy ", "to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography ", "we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . ", "phoned-in business as usual . ", "grows on you -- ", "dumb gags , anatomical humor ", "an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection ", "good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "many moviegoers ", "the recording sessions ", "what a reckless squandering of four fine ", "too many characters saying too many clever things and ", "its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor ", "particular talents ", "skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "are acting horribly ", "muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . ", "a greater knowledge ", "the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . ", "is one of this year 's very best pictures ", ", and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth ", "a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary . ", "wise and powerful ", "manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust ", "mostly fool 's gold ", "( a ) strong piece of work . ", "straightforward and strikingly devious ", "another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market ", "entirely irony-free ", "most severe ", "with some fine acting ", "more graceful way ", "you would n't want to live waydowntown ", "evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters ", "pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "more ambivalent set ", "stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . ", "is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' ", "sexual relationship ", ", my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . ", "are terribly wasted ", "talented director ", "wise folks that they are ", "almost wildly alive ", "the always hilarious meara and levy ", "while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain ", "make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey ", "with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut ", "mythic status ", "from a consummate actor incapable of being boring ", "of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "of epic adventure ", "untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate ", "become smug or sanctimonious ", "a guilty pleasure to watch ", "down on their working-class subjects ", "this tepid genre offering ", "as john ritter 's glory days ", "achieves its main strategic objective : ", "halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "as the old-hat province of male intrigue ", "the best story ", "the film 's shortcomings ", "effortless performance ", "extreme action-packed film ", "ugly as the shabby digital photography ", "he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . ", "the road to perdition ", "hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . ", "can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . ", "'s just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . ", "the honor ", ", accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . ", "a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title ", "'s a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . ", "designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering ", "own languorous charm ", "ultimately insignificant ", "sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction ", "there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' ", "one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ", "witty and sophisticated ", "boilerplate clich\u00e9s ", "no teeth ", "routine action and jokes like this ", "logical ", "a saga ", "tripe ", "to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption ", "that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", "is a little too in love with its own cuteness ", "uglier ", "ridiculous wig ", "unlikable , spiteful idiots ", "atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad ", "delightful ", "a generic international version of a typical american horror film . ", "feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ", "offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . ", "'s impossible to care ", "that was n't at least watchable ", "exquisite , unfakable sense ", "with all the usual spielberg flair ", "wind up using them as punching bags ", "their bodies ", "dreadfully ", "of blaxploitation flicks ", "has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "'s not very good either . ", "pill to swallow ", "the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) ", "malaise ", "biggest disappointments ", "needed more emphasis ", "bring new energy ", "believing in something does matter ", "undeniably worthy and devastating ", "the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit ", "that has nothing ", "make a huge action sequence ", "the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . ", "as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . ", "it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "zzzzzzzzz ", "would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . ", "about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution ", "discover that the answer is as conventional as can be ", "raise audience 's spirits and ", "shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits ", "too stagey , talky ", "stuffy , ", "for overstimulated minds ", "orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . ", "-- and deeply appealing ", "'s a lot of tooth in roger dodger ", "it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . ", "a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese ", "wewannour money back ", "some unnecessary parts ", "of the theater ", "elusive , yet inexplicably ", "upper west sidey ", "the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . ", "gripping and ", "a cute partnership in i spy ", "is genuinely witty ", "the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions ", "the atmosphere ", "embraced ", "sleaziness ", "a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding ", "he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun ", "after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . ", "the weight of too many story lines ", "in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- ", "burnt out ", "tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell ", "the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance ", "the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers ", "... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' ", "yet lacking about everything ", "any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ", "new relevance , ", "is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen ", "appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ", "are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters ", "absurdities ", "a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and ", "it comes off as annoying rather than charming ", "loved this film ", "flimsy ", "typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ", "witherspoon 's talents ", "large rewards ", "a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar ", "i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . ", "the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . ", "vulgar innuendo ", "poor acting ", ", movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . ", "shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience ", ", the film becomes predictably conventional . ", "same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it ", "to overcome adversity ", "injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . ", "with spike lee 's masterful ", "used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary ", "the fantastic and the believable ", "a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy ", "'s also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . ", "this kiddie-oriented stinker ", "defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . ", "stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) ", "uncomfortably strained ", "dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . ", "does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard ", "astonishing growth ", "posing as a real movie ", "'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' ", "one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work . ", "costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and ", "a radiant character portrait ", "its keenest pleasures ", "finely crafted , finely written , ", "so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks ", "in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny ", "unimaginable ", "hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "is highly pleasurable ", "veers ", "give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears ", "to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life ", "what enlivens this film ", "second chance to find love in the most unlikely place ", "is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish ", "are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . ", "this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . ", "a deftly entertaining film ", "loquacious and dreary piece ", "seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . ", "is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , ", ", unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness ", "` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' ", "a bomb ", "so slick and ", "so clumsily sentimental ", "into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill ", "a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , ", "portuguese master manoel de oliviera ", "flamboyant female comics ", "entertaining comedy ", "as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple ", "reach much further than we imagine ", "in a more ambitious movie ", "a ) soulless ", "'s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug ", "it would be ", "ferocity and thoughtfulness ", "proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . ", "is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake ", "honestly nice little film ", "if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play ", "an uncomfortable movie , ", "giddy and provocative sexual ", "writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' ", "the dark ", "the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant ", "in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ", "impossibly long limbs ", "come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another ", "the proverbial paint dry ", "unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and ", "to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii ", "the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books ", "a shabby script ", "with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , ", "the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars ", "fixating on a far corner of the screen at times ", "as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . ", "of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images ", "an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need ", "is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , ", "the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . ", "will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ", "worse stunt editing ", "a music scene that transcends culture and race ", "the precision of the insurance actuary ", "sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form ", "'s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend ", "scene-chewing ", "'s a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . ", "... another example of how sandler is losing his touch . ", ", it does n't work . ", ", funny humor ", "to flat characters ", "ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important ", "fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ", "resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture ", "of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making ", "there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases . ", ", i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "no such thing is a big letdown . ", "you want to slap it ", "arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love ", "one key problem with these ardently christian storylines ", ", uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd ", "broad racial insensitivity ", "to my great pleasure ", "is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss ", "'s in danger of going wrong ", "the bread , ", "drag an audience ", "these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy ", "a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . ", "a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments ", "that made the original men in black such a pleasure ", "down to mediocrity ", "unrealistic ", "hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers ", ", violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart ", "upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . ", "stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film ", "to merit such superficial treatment ", "the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . ", "when are bears bears and ", "is ) a fascinating character ", "of being the big ", "this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . ", "the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . ", "gay-niche condescension ", "honesty and ", "where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . ", "that few will bother thinking it all through ", "has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script ", "jolie 's hideous yellow ` do ", "overtly silly dialogue ", "the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american ", "the situation in a well-balanced fashion ", "i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes ", "a disappointment ", "reopens an interesting controversy and ", "this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . ", "gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through ", "with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves ", "there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . ", "'s almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . ", "find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology ", "from sharing the awe in which it holds itself ", "have nothing better to do with 94 minutes ", "a nice cool glass of iced tea ", "raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll ", "shows off a lot of stamina and vitality ", "no clue about making a movie ", "magic and is enjoyable family fare ", "contrived , unmotivated , ", "sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . ", "everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . ", "is n't much fun . ", "an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off ", "is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ", "director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , ", "fine acting ", "it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . ", "definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . ' ", "proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . ", "be careful what you wish for '' ", "( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , ", "a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "dream of ", "has created a brilliant motion picture ", "even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . ", "this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it ", "buy this stuff ", "'re gon na like this movie . ", ", it succeeds . ", ", more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . ", "'s a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . ", "what an idea ", "the best animated ", "healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition ", "it 's not too fast and not too slow . ", "elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor ", "realize your mind is being blown ", "a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' ", "rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . ", "- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and ", "'s a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . ", "the writing is indifferent , and ", "the plot almost arbitrary ", "is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next ", "technically and artistically inept . ", "a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking ", "that 's enough to sustain laughs ", "see it ", "a passionately inquisitive film ", "is a just a waste ", "about death ", "earnest as a community-college advertisement ", "some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school ", "'s replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . ", "another masterpiece ", "is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . ", "a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , ", "probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script ", "deliver a few gut-busting laughs ", ", smart , savvy , compelling ", "there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . ", "offers a ray of hope ", "is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story ", "is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound ", "has turned out to be a one-trick pony ", "if each watered down the version of the one before ", "less-than-thrilling ", "an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling ", ", at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . ", "elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . ", "a straight-shooting family film ", "conned ", "rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . ", "the best star trek movie in a long time ", "successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters ", "'s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . ", "anything but laughable ", "so charmless and vacant ", ", though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . ", "in-your-face family drama and black comedy ", "mordantly funny ", "reworks ", "tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony ", "has a compelling story to tell ", "although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey ", "gives hollywood sequels a bad name ", "let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . ", "change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and ", "there is a real subject here , and ", "losin ' his fan base ", "a fascinating character 's ", "almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . '' ", "desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks ", "gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling ", "to visit , this laboratory of laughter ", "an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson . ", "exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and ", "sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . ", "is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . ", "like it ", "the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . ", "with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie ", "really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . ", "still rapturous after all these years ", "real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . ", "of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "while the story 's undeniably hard to follow ", "it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , ", "'ve seen it all before ", "the plot is nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s from start to finish ", "the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , ", "that you had already seen that movie ", "odd , poetic road movie ", "very valuable ", "an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer ", "star-making ", "purposefully ", "bill plympton , the animation master , ", "organic intrigue ", "is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action ", "of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character ", "very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . ", "nincompoop benigni persona ", "faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity . ", "has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "fearless purity ", "its unbelievable na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks ", "create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "it 's not very good either . ", "they engage and even touch us ", "this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one ", "making it par for the course for disney sequels ", "crane 's decline with unblinking candor ", "a dead-end existence ", "passe ", "this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . ", "in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem ", "downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness ", "an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment ", "it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . ", "is perfectly creepy and believable . ", "dreary tract ", "unknowable ", "show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ", "surprisingly ", "a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . ", "plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up ", "impress about e.t. ", "feeling like no other film in recent history ", ", realistic portrayal ", "for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham ", "disingenuous ", "mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . ", "then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . ", "generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling ", ", this movie proves you wrong on both counts . ", "daft by half ... ", "feels universal ", "will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it ", "will enthrall the whole family ", "brainless flibbertigibbet ", "can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one ", "a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars ", "trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead ", "it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . ", "deceptions ", "stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "'s incredible the number of stories ", "considerable appeal ", "the movie 's charm ", "despite its promising cast of characters ", "that best describes this film : honest ", "stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . ", "of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and ", "figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either ", "inventive ", "frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution ", ", memorable cinematic experience ", "his character awakens to the notion that to be human ", "a gem ", "of its attractive young leads ", "wind chimes ", "give what may be the performances of their careers . ", "the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film ", "with a company of strictly a-list players ", "tremendous piece ", "'s a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur ", "fresh air ", "i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . ", "if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication ", "like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . ", "entirely improvised ", "has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . ", "too many barney videos ", ", eloquent film ", "is intriguing , provocative stuff . ", "a smartly directed , grown-up film ", "that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : ", "yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . ", "of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism ", "well-shaped dramas ", "just another situation romance ", "flinging their feces ", "pure composition and form ", "well-structured ", "people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks ", "is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . ", "a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it ", "a well-mounted history lesson ", "compellingly ", "to watch too many barney videos ", "what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special ", "the more serious-minded concerns ", "elicits strong performances from his cast ", "is so bad , ", ", may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . ", "this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . ", "some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , ", "serious suspense ", "a bracing ", "shapeless and uninflected ", "although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . ", ", i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . ", "important film ", "consciously dumbed-down approach ", "the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ", "it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances ", "of a phonograph record ", "very compelling , sensitive ", "its absurdities and crudities ", "the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne ", "undeniably intriguing film ", "the excitement is missing ", "spectacular completion one ", "director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' ", "that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category ", "retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . ", "be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely ", "is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . ", "warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . ", "brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him ", "a classic text ", "a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . ", "sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population ", ", oozing , chilling and heart-warming ", "old , familiar ", "were more repulsive ", "entertains not so much ", "cutting impressions ", "bugged me ", "much of what we see is horrible ", "mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "laughably , irredeemably awful . ", "deserves recommendation ", "craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison ", "by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over ", "alone , should scare any sane person away . ", "dull ", "to be consumed and forgotten ", "`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . ", "of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature ", "` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "clich\u00e9s . ", "is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force ", "can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ", "respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it ", "director to watch ", "this dubious product ", "is that her confidence in her material is merited ", "the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles ", "as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "deeply and rightly ", "truly ", "who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up ", "you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes ", "is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type ", "to make a classic theater piece ", "interesting and at times captivating ", "sheerly cinematic appeal ", "a beautiful film to watch ", "thank ", "howler ", "less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story ", "is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "glib but bouncy ", "search of something different ", "a poignant comedy ", "has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . ", "has a compelling story to tell . ", "fully formed ", "sharp , amusing study ", "is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either ", "a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies ", "period-perfect ", "is deeply concerned with morality ", "the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "crudup 's anchoring performance ", "its attractive young leads ", "too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer ", "positively thrilling combination ", "enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit ", "of perversity , comedy and romance ", "malcolm d. lee ", "in a stunning fusion of music and images ", "to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story ", "lurid and less than lucid work ", "is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . ", "the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . ", "stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering ", "has little insight into the historical period and its artists , ", "the feel of poetic tragedy ", "are entertaining and audacious moments ", "watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , ", "turn on many people to opera , in general ", "back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . ", "is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable ", "is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable ", "impeccable ", "is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music ", "you wo n't be able to look away for a second ", "beautifully choreographed ", "undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . ", "it 's that painful . ", "are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction ", "a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . ", "a well-defined sense ", "starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together ", "is repulsive and depressing . ", "has a sure hand . ", "for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league ", "witty and ", "'s fun , wispy ", "that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "value or merit ", "a bad clive barker movie ", "the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ", "of wit or charm ", "lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing ", "bad hair design ", "fiery ", "the sword fighting is well done and ", "not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? ", "animated drivel ", "too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things ", "because australia is a weirdly beautiful place ", "ditsy ", "americans to finally revel in its splendor ", "the filmmakers could dredge up ", "an advantage ", "unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . ", "their lack of chemistry ", "could easily wait for your pay per view dollar ", "share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "stay away ", "sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen ", "unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . ", "unrecoverable ", "and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . ", "a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "wildcard ", "plays like a bad soap opera , ", "be easy for critics to shred it ", ", the hours represents two of those well spent ", "be cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story ", "to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television ", "is often preachy and ", "a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation ", "cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and ", "a literary detective story is still a detective story ", "tell its story ", "heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start ", "has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else ", "flawless film , ", "a bitter pill ", "the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . ", "the grade as tawdry trash ", "to be fully forgotten ", "despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable ", "through the constraints of its source ", "a gorgeous pair ", "owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama ", "choppy ", "with daring and verve ", "touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . ", "it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . ", "this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . ", ", haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . ", "a bland , surfacey way ", "all , a condition only the old are privy to ", "rises ", "martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . ", "pinochet 's victims ", "had from films crammed with movie references ", "murderer ", "has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - ", "with few moments of joy rising above the stale material ", "glued to the screen ", "spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations ", "adams just copies from various sources -- ", "a few tasty morsels under your belt ", ", charismatic and tragically ", "a fascinating glimpse ", "intentionally low ", "reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script ", "hard to resist . ", "at once visceral and spiritual ", "someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster ", "a cockeyed shot all the way . ", "term epic cinema ", "manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it ", ", it 's a work of enthralling drama ", "crawls along at a snail 's pace ", "demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking ", "positive change ", "is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import ", "this good ", "kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . ", "heartfelt romance ", "miraculous ", "of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , ", "presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain ", "comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture ", "that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . ", "ice age wo n't drop your jaw ", "adrenalized ", "the outstanding thrillers ", "tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . ", "a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good ", ", notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . ", "filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home ", "that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago ", "must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . ", "'s kind of insulting , both to men and women ", "ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine ", "a good match ", "to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films ", "feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes ", "does its best ", "good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat ", "reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "left the theater ", "with a game supporting cast ", "jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations ", "ingenue ", "an unendurable viewing experience ", "to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "'s a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ", "( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! ", "inane and unimaginative ", "no unifying rhythm or visual style ", "laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in ", "the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? ", "edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde ", "williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ", ", it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . ", "is doomed by its smallness ", "uncompromising knowledge ", "the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ", "fat ", "is technically sophisticated in the worst way . ", "a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness ", "is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . ", "deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer . ", "'s full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . ", "a soul-stirring documentary ", "feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ", "what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . ", "i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! ", "earnest , ", "eats up the screen ", "is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . ", "a slow death ", "good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , ", "it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . ", "he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film ", "its characters and communicates something ", "at once both refreshingly different and ", "turned out to be a one-trick pony ", "children 's ' song ", "never succumbs to sensationalism ", "actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "written for no one ", "throw each other out windows ", "hooks us ", "murder and mayhem ", "creepy and vague ", "a more colorful , more playful tone ", "claustrophic , suffocating and chilly ", "a fascinating character study with laughs ", "( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material ", "though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . ", "brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock ", "liked sometimes ", "'s lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this ", "and finely cut diamond ", "you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing ", "with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit ", "there 's nothing to gain from watching they . ", ", its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . ", "option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ", ", and not strictly in the knowledge imparted ", "the acting ranges from bad to bodacious ", "is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . ", "milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title ", "was botched in execution ", "a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence ", "kong action cinema ", "worthwhile environmental message ", "that the less charitable might describe as a castrated ", "a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter ", "obnoxious comedy ", "america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony ", "the absurdity ", "jack o ' ", "of the film 's problems ", "fierce grace ", "no `` waterboy ", "major waste ", "'s a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt ", "an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . ", "it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious . ", "some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory ", "deserve better ", "slapped together . ", "a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout ", "filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , ", "even touch us ", "a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ", "this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and ", "if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on ", "a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich\u00e9 of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . ", "here leaves a lot to be desired ", "its critical backlash ", "... continue to impress ", "manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . ", "with energy and innovation ", "a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth ", "in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake ", "the chills ", "it 's too long ", "poetic , heartbreaking ", "the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma ", "that heralds something special ", "pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage ", "like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens ", "confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . ", "the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , ", "a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies . ", "gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms ", "a bittersweet drama ", "that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless ", "runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes ", "tardier ", "immensely entertaining look ", "a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ", "audience award ", "a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ", "has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . ", "such a mechanical endeavor ( ", "drawn engaging characters ", "shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters ", "in and of himself funny ", "surprisingly buoyant ", "perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny ", "preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' ", "a delicately crafted film ", "is one of those rare pictures ", ", politically charged tapestry ", "in a slap-happy mood ", "what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender ", "making me groggy ", "the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . ", "an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains ", "is forgettable ", "works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing ", "steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . ", "is n't a new idea ", "offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . ", "a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor ", "bogs down in genre cliches ", "as well-conceived as either of those films ", "not a word of english ", "contemporary ", "by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . ", "a bad imitation ", "in all its director 's cut glory ", "amusing enough ", "caught but the audience gets pure escapism ", "demons ", "cinematic tone poem ", "for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . ", "fears ", "( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage ", "impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head ", "of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film ", "is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . ", "the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- ", "you know it 's going to be a trip ", "little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up ", "rich and intelligent ", "stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . ", "carried out by men of marginal intelligence , ", "its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . ", "i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care ", ", combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture ", "directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . ", "wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . ", "satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and ", "prozac nation ", "an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture ", "most plain , unimaginative ", "considerably less ambitious ", "simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show ", "expert thriller ", "immersive powers ", "anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie ", "subtle and richly ", "may not add up to the sum of its parts ", "a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart ", "their children ", "know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ", "scenery , vibe ", "but it does n't leave you with much . ", "as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life ", "rushed , slapdash , ", "martin is a masterfully conducted work . ", "inevitable and ", "the plot is paper-thin ", "far more stylish and ", "has become the master of innuendo ", "comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ", "russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . ", "often hilarious . ", "as it is repetitious ", "self-indulgent and maddening ", "some delightful work on indie projects ", "is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . ", "hackneyed story ", "sent back ", "is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty ", "are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug ", "a triumph of imagination ", "an inconsequential ", "satisfying evening ", "heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . ", "all its excess debris ", "two fine actors , ", "intelligent and ", "is inane and awful ", "sharp objects ", ", all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . ", "smarter ", "the writing is clever and ", "companion ", "powerhouse ", "entertaining mix ", "put on a show ", "hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry ", "a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout ", "from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "energy and excitement ", ", tender hug ", "an esteemed writer-actor ", "'s mildly entertaining , ", "tenderness ", "... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) ", "surprisingly sweet and gentle ", "pleasant , diverting and modest ", "demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides ", "is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ", "is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . ", ", it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . ", "look at morality , family , and social expectation ", "perfect movie ", "leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors ", "freaks ", "forcing ", "satisfying summer blockbuster ", "cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) ", "director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . ", "this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year ", "make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold ", "preachy-keen ", "its lyrical variations on the game of love ", "far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ", "a good movie ", "saw that was written down ", "lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "none of this is meaningful or memorable , ", "the battle ", "if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . ", "of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , ", "about issues most adults have to face in marriage ", "so downbeat and ", "an autopsy , the movie ", "challenges ", "i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . ", "mordantly funny and intimately knowing ", "never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... ", "is tepid and tedious ", "ridiculous ", "to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ", "dreary and sluggish ", "jackass is a vulgar and ", "balances both traditional or modern stories ", "involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . ", "a lovely film ", "cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . ", "work of extraordinary journalism ", "eventful ", "shockingly bad ", "it actually makes the heart soar ", "a powerful young actor ", "by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him ", "questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . ", "( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . ", "would leave you cold ", "most purely enjoyable and ", "add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . ", "how they make their choices , and ", ", singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . ", "-- but certainly hard to hate . ", "passing twinkle ", "bogs ", "excitement in manufactured high drama ", "amazingly dopey . ", "you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . ", "that deserves a chance to shine ", "the screen like a true star ", "of pure movie ", "life 's harshness ", "fails on its own ", "the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake ", "a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart ", "drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage ", "the adjective ` gentle ' ", "has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ", "with complicated plotting and banal dialogue ", "gutless ", "howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject . ", "to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments ", "passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . ", "politics , power and ", "unrelentingly grim -- ", "make a terrific effort ", "derrida is all but useless ", "its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes ", "memorable directorial debut ", "exploitative and ", "a talented director ", "sounds like horrible poetry . ", "frame one ", "thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait ", "should be relegated to a dark video store corner ", "venturesome , beautifully realized ", "its visual delights ", "future years as an eloquent memorial ", "benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . ", "philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest ", "its own meager weight ", "surprising , subtle turn ", "well-put-together piece ", "a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been ", "i loved this film . ", "expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . ", "it 's hard to stop watching ", "teaming ", "that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "most moronic screenplays ", "damage ", "that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men ", "to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances ", "of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "this crude , ", "this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . ", "one of the best war movies ever made ", "of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car ", "the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . ", "rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "unadorned ", "'s refreshing ", "'re left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "could have been much stronger ", "could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination ", "with indoctrinated prejudice ", "down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow ", "recommend big bad love only ", "the most enchanting film of the year ", "wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare ", "the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . ", "is pure , exciting moviemaking ", "a feel-good movie can still show real heart ", "the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . ", "is n't quite out of ripe ", "could n't care less ", "while the film is not entirely successful ", "is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues ", "some problems ", "i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich\u00e9 . ", "no new plot conceptions or environmental changes ", "is a particularly vexing handicap ", "as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down ", "that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd ", "impressive achievement ", "be delightfully compatible here ", "demeaning its subjects ", "is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . ", "to her inventive director ", "it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . ", "could be a single iota worse ... ", "compelling and ", "is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script ", "holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm ", "understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . ", "great actors hamming it up ", "soulful development ", "inspiration and ", "muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ", "no character , ", "dreamlike ", "a rollicking adventure for you ", ", memories and one fantastic visual trope ", "it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , ", "a bad improvisation exercise , ", "conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america ", "for whom she shows little understanding ", "to mesmerize , astonish and entertain ", "even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . ", "i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere ", "in itself , is extraordinary . ", "is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . ", "gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel ", "is one reason it 's so lackluster . ", "their quirky and fearless ability ", "repeated at least four times ", "another day of brit cinema ", "sports ", "gripping drama . ", "nothing to sneeze at these days ", "waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one ", "is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . ", "who cares ? ", "praises female self-sacrifice ", "showing off his doctorate ", "well-written and occasionally challenging ", "the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . ", "offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them ", "is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . ", "obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . ", "does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "hypnotic portrait ", "sincerely ", "goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... ", "what could have ", "which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ", "even more damning -- ", "easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and ", "one of the most incoherent ", "full ", "as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo ", "dead-undead genre ", "a riveting profile ", "clearly evident poverty and hardship ", "margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . ", "dreadfulness ", "the charm of satin rouge ", "did n't mean much to me and ", "driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . ", "that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees ", "is extraordinary ", "be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work ", "so different from the apple and so striking ", "it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress . ", "deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still ", "it falls short ", "the excitement ", "an amazing breakthrough ", "virtually plotless ", "offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . ", "the comic opportunities richly rewarded ", "insufferably tedious and turgid ", "forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions ", "an uncomfortable movie ", ", it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . ", "is omitted nor a clich\u00e9 left unsaid ", "'s not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . ", "for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters ", "crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) ", "is somewhat entertaining ", "a wonderfully warm human drama ", "this mess ", "given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . ", "has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "out of sight ", "watered down the version of the one before ", "adam watstein with finishing it at all ", "that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but ", "nowheresville ", "auto-critique ", "concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt ", "the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year ", "in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario ", "the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . ", "attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight ", "her cheery and tranquil suburban life ", "of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i ", "both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . ", "a pathetic , endearing hero ", "the director 's experiment is a successful one . ", "wow ", "in the mood for an intelligent weepy ", "cast , but never quite gets off the ground ", "a comedic context ", "schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . ", "a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . ", "of irreparable damage ", "involved . ", "hold society in place ", "awards animals the respect they ", "some remarkable achival film ", "contemptuous of the single female population ", "the best film of the year 2002 . ", "propaganda ", "incredibly layered and stylistic ", "looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer ", ", color and cringe ", "that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits ", "gives everyone something to shout about . ", "the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes ", "the frustration , ", "seamless ", "is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . ", "the material is so second-rate ", "remain curious about each other against all odds ", "with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars ", "fans ", "never inspires more than an interested detachment . ", "discloses almost nothing . ", "into hogwash ", "the past via surrealist flourishes ", "stylish cinematography ", "it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate ", "cuts corners ", "the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . ", "a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie ", "will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . ", "presume ", "workmanlike ", "has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation ", "of the great films about movie love ", "of pure craft and passionate heart ", "cruel and ", "marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ", "feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama ", "it might deliver again and again ", "'s really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia ", "and mind games ", "cultural differences ", "then just fell apart ", "is painfully bad ", "the very definition of epic adventure ", "gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust ", "is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie ", "a potentially sudsy set-up ", "affectionately goofy ", "a weak and ineffective ghost story ", "if you love the music , and i do ", "can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down ", "all the signs of rich detail condensed ", "with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . ", "a deliciously nonsensical comedy ", "salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life ", "faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . ", "an empty , purposeless ", "if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . ", "adds enough quirky and satirical touches ", "is such that the movie does not do them justice ", "a pleasant distraction , ", "from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups ", "the quirky and recessive charms ", "halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . ", "a generic bloodbath that often becomes ", "edge to it ", "a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama ", "as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ", "the movie does not do them justice ", ", crisp storytelling ", "a powerful commentary ", "another `` best man '' ", "if not a home run , then at least ", "is funny and looks professional ", "one of the most interesting writer/directors working today ", "stuffy and ", "finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . ", "a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation ", "makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while ", "curiosity factors ", "the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- ", "an impressive roster ", "sucked up all ", "the consequences of its own actions and revelations ", "an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story ", "gut-busting ", "ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ", "the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun ", "throwing up ", "tits ", "pack raw dough in my ears ", "enough funny ", "remains undiminished ", "reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans ", "leaving questions in its wake ", "works because reno ", "it was going to be ", "funny , sexy , ", "as one of the worst films of the summer ", "its scrapbook of oddballs ", "been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode ", "the `` a '' range ", "the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . ", "guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves ", "'s a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good ", "carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . ", "this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . ", "visually engrossing ", "you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . ", "a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout ", "most watchable film ", "that the new film is a lame kiddie flick ", "has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare ", "splashed with bloody beauty as vivid ", "the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional ", "that already-shallow ", "an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece ", "a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "pass this stinker ", "utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ", "city by the sea swings from one ", "burdened by the actor ", "life affirming and heartbreaking ", "the masterful british actor ian holm ", "and `` terrible ", "( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . ", "do n't think so . ", "the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks . ", "quite good-natured ", "real women have curves truly is life affirming ", "sensuous and spirited tale ", "sexy , funny and touching ", "with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect ", "british comedy ", "a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . ", "sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not ", "lost ideal ", "director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and ", "a great time ", "enlightening ", ", characterization , poignancy , and intelligence ", ", twisted sort ", "effort to watch this movie ", "hooting ", "asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country ", "designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "sad , sick sight ", "make 105 minutes seem twice as long ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , ", "allowing us to find the small , human moments , and ", "by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "milder is n't better ", "that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . ", "no particular bite ", "the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout ", "most of the movie 's success ", "striking character traits ", "imaginatively mixed ", "is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "into its intriguing subject ", "maddeningly ", "knows , and very likely is ", "of complacency ", "more than merely a holocaust movie ", "is so thoughtlessly assembled ", "exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ", "seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string ", "` realistic ' ", "not to mention absolutely refreshed . ", "slick production values ", "inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . ", "goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes ", "blandly ", ", unlikeable people ", "in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ", "unwatchable ", "emotional blandness ", "does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . ", "that so often end up on cinema screens ", "the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , ", "movie-star intensity ", "cutesy romantic tale ", "manages to incorporate both the horror ", "puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . ", "makes it a failure as straight drama ", "after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 has been unturned . ", "of a paint-by-numbers picture ", "from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected ", "to reel in the audience ", "was the best the contest received ", "roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' ", "warm and well-told ", "has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema ", "baaaaaaaaad movie ", "drama , conflict , tears and surprise ", "the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection ", "sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . ", "about movie love ", ", evans is no hollywood villain ", "is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist ", "no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . ", "astonish ", "driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ", "'s not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination ", "cookie-cutter action scenes ", "went astray ", "is an uncompromising film ", "thud ", "struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . ", "lackluster ", "but none of which amounts to much of a story ", "epic treatment of a nationwide blight ", "more recent successes ", "achieves its main strategic objective ", ", the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . ", ", it 's as good as you remember . ", "reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . ", "the sketchiest ", "already thin story ", "since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously ", "a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley ", "it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . ", "opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest ", "ruined by amateurish writing and acting , ", "someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . ", "a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours ", "continues to improve ", "if the movie knew what to do with him ", "of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant ", "the scenic splendor ", "acquire the fast-paced contemporary society ", "fizzle ", "consistently intelligent ", "justify his exercise ", "as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . ", "of the universal themes , earnest performances ", "intermittently powerful study ", "delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory ", "engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' ", "some first-rate performances ", "a different and emotionally reserved type ", "the worst sense of the expression ", "we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . ", "will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay ", "unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk ", "those with a modicum of patience ", "good things happen to bad people ", "tell you how tedious ", "assured in its execution ", "as the scruffy sands of its titular community ", "pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . ", "aimlessness ", "to the edge of their seats ", "strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch ", "if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise ", "hugely entertaining and uplifting ", "beautiful , ", "of the rollicking dark humor so necessary ", "a blast of adrenalin ", "do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . ", "shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . ", "neither romantic nor comedic ", "a gamble and last orders are to be embraced ", "furiously ", "'s lovely and amazing , ", "is well-crafted ", "entirely wholesome ) ", "affirming ", "when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ", "interminably bleak ", "a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . ", "boring man ", "the comedy is nonexistent . ", "good human ", "a number of holes ", "itself is about something very interesting and odd that ", "well ", "seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' ", "one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "that are quite touching ", "what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . ", "quietly engaging . ", "jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , ", "spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese ", "treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds ", "match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer ", "( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way . ", "a noble end ", "worthless , ", "a warmth that is n't faked ", "vanity film ", "of a stylish psychological thriller ", "admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "narrative continuity ", "most edgy piece ", "excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins ", "of good ", "great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . ", "rip off ", "an original talent ", "if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . ", "the bravery and dedication ", "eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , ", "is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . ", "good-hearted ", "something for everyone ", "heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . ", "bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company ", "siren ", "to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ", "yet compelling ", "nonjudgmental kind ", "especially fine ", "a nice , light treat ", "presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . ", "made the first one charming ", "liability ", "are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort ", "huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . ", "a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? ", "meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . ", "colorfully ", "the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t. ", "loveable or otherwise ", "it 's good enough for our girls ", "seems a prostituted muse ... ", "for the best of hollywood 's comic-book ", "is too impressed with its own solemn insights ", "in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs ", "before the plot kicks into gear ", "wallowing in its characters ' frustrations ", "given up ", "at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . ", "is n't much better ", "that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood ", "going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ", "jolts the laughs ", "devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . ", "static set ups , not much camera movement , ", "the movie 's rude and crude humor ", "self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence ", "is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller ", "it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens ", "twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . ", "retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . ", "impressive style ", "nearly impossible ", "antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . ", ", painful improbability ", "occasionally fun enough ", "four hankies ", "an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . ", "powerful , naturally dramatic piece ", "a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . ", "low , very low , ", "the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . ", "this flat effort ", "starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying . ", "fun with it all ", "the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and ", "peaked about three years ago ", "juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ", "'d take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . ", "on the soullessness of work ", "the rut dug by the last one ", "an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . ", "is so bleak ", "unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two ", "an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . ", "a movie with a bigger , fatter heart ", "-- and far less crass - ", "they ca n't go wrong . ", "manage to get you under its spell ", "miss ", "of malaise ", "short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty ", "corny examination ", "a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord ", "a beautiful paean to a time ", "has no clue about making a movie ", "gentle but insistent ", "injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater ", "the group 's playful spark ", "the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ", "silly and crude storyline ", "the right b-movie frame of mind ", "the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ", "favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness ", "get this thing over with ", "mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant ", "a particularly nightmarish fairytale ", "the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich ", "composed or edited ", "powerful and telling ", "gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful ", "inside an enigma ", "a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce ", "considerable power ", "the soulful nuances ", "mind crappy movies as much as adults ", "can out-bad-act the other ", "it is that it does n't give a damn . ", "of mediocre acting ", "enthrall ", "to mind : so why is this so boring ? ", "even the corniest and ", "likable ", "they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort ", "that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action ", "more likely ", "coming through in the end ", ", paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . ", "often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part ", "be distasteful to children and adults ", "of adolescent violence ", "lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , ", "with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . ", "'s just not very smart . ", "does ", "rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . ", "this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book ", "an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "simplistic , silly and tedious ", "found a cult favorite ", "( t ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . ", "appealing blend ", "demeaning ", "peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "in its yearning for the days ", "reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! ", "some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen . ", "otherwise good ", "director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . ", "hits all the verbal marks it should . ", "features a standout performance by diane lane ", "manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . ", "the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and ", "what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve ", "the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . ", "the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory ", "the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences ", "rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language ", "steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . ", "the worst -- and only -- killer website movie ", "is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful ", "the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life ", "bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . ", "it 's never dull and always looks good . ", "wasted in it ", "the wise-beyond-her-years teen ", "the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised ", "what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons ", "changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . ", "this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . ", "a movie without an apparent audience ", "a colorful , joyous celebration of life ", "never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti ", "lavish ", "how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others ", "its shortcomings ", "intriguing and honorable , ", "now we 've got something pretty damn close ", "that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it ", "frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story ", "the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . ", "` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane ", "eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story ", "soulful and ", "anti-feminist ", "imbecilic ", "gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion ", "is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic ", "ignore but a little too smugly superior to like ", "informative , intriguing , observant , ", "transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . ", "so heartwarmingly ", "the perfect cure for insomnia ", "stitched together from stock situations and characters ", "to lowly studio hack ", "that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off ", "robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . ", "all the sibling rivalry and ", "are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs ", "'s a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish ", "discordant ", "to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ", "keenly ", "right choice ", "is genial but never inspired , and little ", "the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction ", "a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem ", "check this one out ", "seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ", "offers no new insight on the matter , nor ", "expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape ", "needlessly confusing ", "stop buying tickets to these movies ", "'ll still have a good time . ", "a shrill , didactic cartoon ", "great director ", "embodies the transformation of his character completely ", "that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence ", "have put together a bold biographical fantasia . ", "intricately ", "in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality ", "hilariously wicked black comedy ", "some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ", "schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie ", "brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness ", "lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . ", "from firing on all cylinders ", "very funny , very enjoyable ... ", "serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally ", "too heavy for the plot ", "it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . ", "quite the career peak ", "vividly ", "most wondrous love story ", "a naturally funny film , home movie ", "it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . ", "thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery ", "follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . ", "the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , ", "a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . ", "a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but ", "lack-of-attention span ", "a historic scandal ", "shallow rumination ", "for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time ", "'s a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own ", "obscenely bad ", "less a story ", "inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , ", "original cartoon ", "on `` stupid ", "feel like you were n't invited to the party ", "a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . ", "genuine rather than pandering ", "hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread ", "miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid ", "doubt the filmmakers ' motives ", "constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . ", "a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , ", "is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade ", "surprising highs , sorrowful lows and ", "she has n't been worth caring about ", "could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "'s an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise ", "been bland ", "is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted ", ", the movie is certainly easy to watch . ", "genre-busting ", "sparkling ", "no means a slam-dunk ", "the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . ", "with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective ", "'s lots of cute animals and clumsy people ", "spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , ", "laughed throughout the movie ", "an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence ", "agreeably startling ", "maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . ", "is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career ", "kind , unapologetic , ", "might not have gotten him into film school in the first place ", "it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", "raw urban humor ", "is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be ", "of the best rock ", "magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults ", "splendidly cast pair ", "to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once ", "we all ca n't stand ", "equate to being good , ", "all the verbal marks it should ", "cerebral and cinemantic flair ", "like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break ", "enjoyed barbershop ", "less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine ", "weak claims ", "the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . ", "over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "'s no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . ", "junkie ", "too hard to be mythic ", "another useless recycling of a brutal mid ", "a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains ", "fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) ", "we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life ", "a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' ", "remarkably well ", "veteran ", "that never quite gel ", "buck or ", ", clever ", "there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body ", "tries too hard ", "repellent ", "a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge ", "more emotional force ", "portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite ", "mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing ", "'s being conned right up to the finale ", "this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , ", ", wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . ", "third time 's the charm ", "give what may be the performances of their careers ", "interest can not be revived . ", "a rich historical subject ", "scuttled ", "there surrender $ 9 and ", "recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak ", "even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . ", "jackass is a vulgar ", "as best actress ", "difficult for the audience ", "the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . ", "head cutter ", "the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent ", "watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ", "he 's done ", ", it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . ", "that made the first film so special ", "disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... ", "( gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . ", "an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound ", "that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", "huston 's revelatory performance ", "should definitely get top billing ", "has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . ", "in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . ", "a wonderful thing ", "it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold ", "is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee ", "inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "'s sweet and fluffy at the time ", "exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . ", "graceless , hackneyed ", "it 's easy to love robin tunney ", "about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time . ", "mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but ", "is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . ", "unpersuasive ", "a step further , richer and ", "with a bouncy score ", "a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . ", "the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . ", "poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ", "was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people ", "i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . ", "an energizing , ", "has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted ", "cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , ", "their super-powers , their super-simple animation ", "enchanting ... ", "smart and entirely charming ", "is still worth hearing ", "e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . ", "drama ", "cautions ", "film school undergrad ", "of death in this bitter italian comedy ", "most magical ", "why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery ", "about their lives , loves and the art ", "that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "a big box of consolation candy ", "as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy ", "nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives ", "fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special ", "a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out ", "equally miserable ", "'s such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . ", "exploitation picture ", "deeply biased , ", "bizarre , implausible ", "are too grave for youngsters ", "helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , ", "human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", "an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . ", "the worst film ", "a beguiling evocation ", "this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head ", "undramatic ", "friday after next ", "the most splendid ", "take for granted in most films are mishandled here . ", "done , but slow ", "that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , ", "overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a bu\u00f1uel retrospective ", "jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . ", "allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper ", "indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . ", "who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them ", "lose their luster when flattened onscreen . ", "undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "unique way shainberg ", "raucously ", "a compelling pre-wwii drama ", "the grandkids or the grandparents ", "as fascinating ", "once overly old-fashioned ", "it can not even be dubbed hedonistic ", "imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "the cast is impressive ", "pretentious endeavor ", "proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages ", "of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one ", "might as well be watching a rerun ", "enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen ", "the movie is rather choppy . ", "is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time ", "its own clich\u00e9s ", "in marriage ", "may lack the pungent bite of its title , ", "a bit disjointed ", "the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . ", "enjoyed most of mostly martha ", "jones and snipes are enthralling ", "but every bit as filling as the treat of the title ", "newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood ", "to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state ", "delightful mix ", "unstoppable superman ", "'s an adventure story and history lesson all in one . ", "'s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . ", "obnoxious ", "a calculating fiend ", "darkly funny and frequently insightful ", "a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships ", "just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . ", "a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy ", "burns ", "as shallow entertainment ", "it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and ", "estranged ", "risky ", "too clich\u00e9d and ", "earns extra points by acting as if it were n't ", "maturity ", "slummer ", "curiously stylized ", "'s difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ", "shallow and glib ", "the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture ", "screen magic ", "sit through , enjoy on a certain level and ", "by turns very dark and very funny . ", "quietly affecting cop drama ", "like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . ", "surprisingly gentle ", "of the best silly horror movies ", "the redeeming feature ", "hastily and ", "have a reasonably good time with the salton sea ", "this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart ", "every single scene ", "the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . ", "on-screen chemistry ", "excited ", "rolling your eyes in the dark ", "cold porridge ", "a wonderfully creepy mood ", "look bad ", "stories work ", "`` minority report '' astounds . ", "perfectly describes pauline & paulette ", ", do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? ", "a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . ", ", if uneven , ", "not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense ", "the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed . ", "has a true cinematic knack ", "preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera ", "the recording sessions are intriguing , ", "'s a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . ", "is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film ", "with material this rich it does n't need it ", "do n't know what she 's doing in here ", "is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull ", "watchable ", "serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , ", "bold biographical fantasia ", "full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery ", "insightful discourse ", "midlife crisis ", "kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . ", "delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . ", "introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "it 's no lie ", "ill-considered ", "unwavering and arresting ", "the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . ", "the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing ", "vibrant whirlwind ", "humorously ", "in looking at the comic effects of jealousy ", "who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach ", "sensuality , and ", "there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . ", "uneasy mix ", "noteworthy ", "fills the eyes ", "the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . ", "lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "what makes barbershop so likable ", "try to avoid ", ", energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . ", "authentic account ", "pristine camerawork ", "has any sting to it ", "its sunny disposition ", "( allen 's ) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . ", "` ron seal the deal ", "that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller ", "worthy substitute ", "confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture ", "cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images ", ", the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series ", "made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit ", "no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ", "of how very bad a motion picture can truly be ", "'ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it ", "those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . ", "so incredibly inane ", "the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale ", "would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud ", "a real filmmaker 's eye ", "that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career ", "so likable ", "poo ", "bright and ", "gifted korean american stand-up ", "examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country ", "trashy , kinky fun ", "director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . ", "'s a masterpiece . ", "just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer ", "as pleasantly ", "say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved ", ", this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . ", "is a slapdash mess ", "bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene ", "2-day old coke ", "that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . ", "poignant and ", "wo n't care ", "opera-ish story ", "plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . ", "accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel ", "to mediocrity ", "haute ", "offers no new insight ", "at the absurdities and inconsistencies ", "peevish and ", "i found it weirdly appealing ", "informative ", "stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits ", "valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone ", "manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar ", "pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report ", "asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives ", "trickery ", "that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities ", "does n't work because there is no foundation for it ", "of the more overtly silly dialogue ", "a wry , affectionate delight . ", "just unlikable . ", "her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style ", "has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran ", ", crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . ", "something i would rather live in denial about ", "all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax ", "determined , ennui-hobbled slog ", "best little `` horror '' movie ", ", it gets to you . ", "the movie rising above similar fare ", "hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and ", "more than enough sentimental catharsis ", "steals ", "amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . ", "that is richer than anticipated ", "frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . ", "wonder . ", "nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly ", "is nevertheless compelling ", "a winning comedy ", "in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure ", "made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby ", "is definitely worth ", "remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . ", "of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ", "for lameness ", "breaks no new ground and ", "clearly see the world of our making . ", "the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . ", "is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "wears its empowerment ", "are an immensely appealing couple ", "the most amazing super-sized dosage ", "does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "who would not likely be so stupid as to get ", "the coen brothers and ", "what 's the russian word for wow !? ' ", "remarkably alluring film ", "its seriousness and quality ", "nazi ", "as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . ", "seems as deflated as he does ", "'s absolutely amazing ", "benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances ", "there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations ", "a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . ", ", funny , even punny 6 ", "raunch ", "marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ", "not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department ", "all-around good time ", "healing process ", "as a fairly weak retooling ", "a torrent of emotion ", "hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . ", "dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . ", "that the theme does n't drag an audience down ", "fun for kids of any age ", "... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . ", "come up with a better script ", "a decomposition ", "derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . ", "glinting charm ", "a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers ", "general boorishness ", "a good time with this one too ", "bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness ", "of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract ", "no chemistry or ", "is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . ", "a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . ", "has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers ", "drama , suspense , revenge , and romance ", "a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . ", "a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . ", "is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things ", "it 's also pretty funny ", "uncompelling the movie ", "yale grad ", "is actually funny with the material ", "a work of entertainment ", "is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream ", "the comedy was funny ", "suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . ", "transcend its genre ", "cruelly ", "heart-pounding suspense ", ", duty and friendship ", "outing with one of france 's most inventive directors ", "who is simply tired ", "bad animation and mindless violence ", "violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . ", "the funniest idea ", "as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . ", "it does n't work as either . ", "the misleading title ", "the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve ", "romething 's really wrong with this ricture ! ", "highly cerebral ", "thoughtful , reverent portrait ", "have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . ", "wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion ", "hallelujah for small favors ", "as well its delightful cast ", "( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , ", "a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "arty and jazzy ", "is the opposite of a truly magical movie . ", "well-developed ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . ", "this tale has been told and retold ; ", "he expresses our most basic emotions ", "bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some ", "gone wrong ", "charismatic and tragically ", "the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison ", "exceedingly memorable ", "all the small moments and flashbacks ", "` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' ", "narcotized ", "sustains interest ", "than julie taymor 's preposterous titus ", "ever-watchful ", "i imagined a movie ever could be ", "somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles ", "is kind of special ", "most interesting ", "such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play ", "a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes ", "sheerly beautiful film ", "sell many records ", "a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse ", "two not very absorbing characters ", "appetizer that leaves you wanting more . ", "take notice ", "a great companion piece to other napoleon films ", "fully endear itself to american art house audiences ", "the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it ", "is clever and funny , ", "is the most visually unappealing ", "i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne ", "he forgets to make it entertaining ", "a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . ", "a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder ", "the most moronic screenplays of the year , ", "a film neither bitter nor sweet ", "equals the original ", "the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two ", "the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . ", "both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving . ", "superior ", "solid performances ", "laughable ", "being able to give full performances ", "colors the picture in some evocative shades . ", "fresh or enjoyable ", "lost his touch ", "to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be ", "is supposed to be madcap farce . ", "'s not nearly enough ", "the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . ", ", if disingenuous , ", "less than fresh . ", "the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . ", "victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers ", "to the gallic ` tradition of quality ", "usual whoopee-cushion effort ", "it is cruel ", "written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter . ", "the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story ", "the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . ", "obvious as telling a country skunk ", "central flaw ", "eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . ", "there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . ", "at meaningful cinema ", ", uncertain film ", "you can taste it , but there 's no fizz . ", "timeout ", "how it washed out despite all of that ", "is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , ", "twenty-first ", "takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "to its superior cast ", "seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover ", "as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac ", "is certainly easy to watch . ", "'s to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves ", "psychopathic ", "film school brat ", "the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ", "haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . ", "most intriguing movie experiences ", "in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . ", "host to some truly excellent sequences ", "( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but ", "a flawed human ", "who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "efficiently ", "are every bit as distinctive as his visuals ", "a fluid and mesmerizing sequence ", "clich\u00e9d and shallow ", "the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . ", "it wore me down ", "charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle ", "has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic ", "crawlies ", "candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take ", "across as shallow and glib though ", "expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street ", "gushing ", "is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value ", "made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "emotionally and spiritually compelling ", "a convolution ", "enthrall the whole family ", "energy ", "false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices ", "the film is well-crafted and this one is ", "adaptation 's success ", "too loud ", "often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? ", "that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen ", "the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . ", "by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ", "even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and ", "loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . ", "puts history in perspective ", "evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks ", "to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff ", "'s a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but ", "conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "seems twice as long ", "thought would leave you cold ", "it 's not scary in the slightest . ", "toward maximum comfort and familiarity ", "accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "underestimated charm ", "there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes ", "this movie just goes on and on and on and on ", "washington demands and receives excellent performances ", "long for the end ", "scary and sad ", "moved by this drama ", "very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive ", "positives ", "into the sort of heartache everyone ", "the ` ick ' ", "is merited ", "inept and ", "some of it is honestly affecting ", "waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes ", "more timely than its director could ever have dreamed ", "does have its charms . ", "excites the imagination ", "lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . ", "she is a lioness ", "chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns ", "uninventive ", "from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud ", "can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change ", "multilayered and sympathetic ", "never knew what the hell was coming next ", "a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability ", "should stick to his day job ", "ten ", "if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for ", "light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy ", "to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood ", ", multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation ", "a biting satire that has no teeth ", "the pacing is often way off ", "a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated ", "copout ", "a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing . ", "anger and frustration ", "very sincere ", "dreary tale ", "strenuous ", "delicate treatment ", "gets very ugly , very fast ", "devastatingly ", "has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life ", "it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . ", "appeared in 1938 ", "there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . ", "o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , ", "coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ", "home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . ", "the grandeur ", "redeemed ", "notice the 129-minute running time ", "would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . ", "evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . ", "creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity ", "'s episode of behind the music ", "airless cinematic shell games . ", "both people 's capacity ", "is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ", "walk out of the good girl ", "schlocky ", "this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . ", "big round eyes and ", "careless and unfocused ", "detention ", "a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ", "as nudity , profanity and violence ", "wondrous beats ", "if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . ", "is deadly ", "balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ", "features a standout performance ", "does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . ", "winning piece ", "lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human ", "unreligious ", "appealingly manic and energetic ", "in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "for godard ", "it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , ", "brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film ", "the humor and humanity ", "snagged an oscar nomination ", "of credible gender-provoking philosophy ", "it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . ", "`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . ", "thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer ", "a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age ", "no excuse ", "warm and fuzzy ", "irritates ", "bring off this wild welsh whimsy . ", "not zhang 's forte ", "kong action ", "as hilarious lunacy ", "great fun , ", "an oscar ", "all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment ", "a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . ", "recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt ", "eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . ", "late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . ", "freakish ", "has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- ", "the halloween series has lost its edge ", "will have an intermittently good time . ", "captivatingly quirky hybrid ", "nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . ", "in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship ", "nutty cliches ", "overly-familiar ", "uses grant 's own twist of acidity ", "of exploitative garbage ", "several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is ", "downright hitchcockian ", "which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work ", "turmoil ", "` swept away ' ", "it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain ", "right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together ", "is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens ", "induces headaches ", "tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush ", "why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "just offensive ", "found it weirdly appealing ", "the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and ", "loud , low-budget and tired formula film ", "hardly watchable ", "would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book ", "undermining the movie 's reality and ", "in the worst elements of all of them ", "'s a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex ", "well-executed ", "for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation ", "rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . ", "one fantastic visual trope ", "and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . ", "the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . ", "entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves ", "deflated ", "by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy ", "is authentic to the core of his being ", "more diverting and thought-provoking ", "home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . ", "superficially written characters ramble ", "should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . ", "ever knew about generating suspense ", "generous and ", "an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . ", "a dull moment ", "of empathy ", "layered , well-developed characters and ", "it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' ", "is n't the actor to save it . ", ", delicate treatment ", "love . ", "a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . ", "is a must for genre fans . ", "familiar but utterly delightful . ", "unsettled ", "it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . ", "realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire ", "anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . ", "haul 'em to the theater ", "shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . ", "detached ", "while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage ", "who is not a character in this movie ", "is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "a well-crafted letdown . ", "reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining ", "neither dramatic nor comic ", "is shallow , offensive and redundant ", "a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", "the magnificent swooping aerial shots ", "in the title pok\u00e9mon 4ever is terrifying ", "a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula ", "on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease ", "far from a groundbreaking endeavor ", "essentially awkward version ", "added disdain ", "conventional , but well-crafted ", "hard-hitting ", ", the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "betrayal , deceit and murder ", "no charm , no laughs ", "unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car ", "of bad animation and mindless violence ", "a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams ", "by a legacy of abuse ", "a bad premise , just a bad movie ", "think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version ", "time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . ", "the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy ", "loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion ", "some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - ", "glosses over rafael 's evolution ", "cranky ", "charlotte sometimes is a gem . ", "as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program ", "( and probably should have ) ", "somehow makes it all the more compelling . ", "humor and heart ", "surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... ", "self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and ", "comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness ", "comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . ", "beloved genres ", "a slick , ", "a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . ", "an unrewarding collar ", "at best , i 'm afraid . ", "louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense . ", "most effective ", "shines ", "an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . ", "thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity ", "i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . ", "just another teen movie ", "call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace ", "put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "peculiar malaise ", "pretty decent kid-pleasing ", "be with a large dose of painkillers ", "jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . ", "that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families ", "a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs ", "all awkward ", "of warmth and gentle humor ", "an awful movie ", "all-woman ", "rigid and evasive ", "'s left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "ill at ease sharing the same scene ", "shimmers with it ", "does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen ", ", there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . ", "the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative ", "has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' ", "project greenlight '' winner ", "a fudged opportunity ", "the acting is amateurish , ", "made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll ", "to fully endear itself to american art house audiences ", "think , zzzzzzzzz ", "` grandeur ' shots ", "does n't add up to a whole lot ", "beauty ", "welcome relief ", "she 's a pretty woman ", "discursive but oddly riveting documentary ", "it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . ", "a stab ", ", unmemorable filler . ", "as a piece of storytelling ", "did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery ", "drag on for nearly three hours ", "romp that has something to say . ", "a delightful entree in the tradition ", "of such a well loved classic ", "thoughtful and surprisingly affecting ", "you 'll regret ", "knockaround ", ", proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "delightful , well-crafted family film ", "often watchable ", "bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling ", "dry humor and jarring shocks , plus ", "the film has ( its ) moments ", "is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . ", "offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . ", "is often quite rich and exciting ", "as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet ", "is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . ", "just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . ", "no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch ", "is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal ", "comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break ", "is not quite the career peak ", "why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and ", "a vivid imagination and an impressive style ", "watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement . ", "most offensive thing ", "suspenseful ", "not remotely incisive enough ", "muddy psychological thriller ", "half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 ", "this obscenely bad dark comedy ", "thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ", "angst-ridden ", "like a bad soap opera ", "makes its message resonate . ", "the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ", "a rerun ", "the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . ", "terribly ", "should bolster director and co-writer ", "inescapable absurdities ", "animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers ", "is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , ", "as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "spends a bit too much time ", "be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus ", "believable that you feel what they feel ", "beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet ", "time out is as serious as a pink slip . ", "great pity ", "making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , ", "moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . ", "entertaining , if ultimately minor , ", "a delightful , if minor , pastry ", "local ", "it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ", "is truly gorgeous to behold ", "was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man ", "smash its face in ", "a chilling movie without oppressive ", "elegantly produced and expressively performed ", "a remarkable movie ", "of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own ", "is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . ", "that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema ", "that shows the promise of digital filmmaking ", "i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake ", "are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . ", "does this so well ", "remains vividly in memory ", "putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film ", "proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery ", "that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country ", "what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . ", "won -- ", "the opera 's drama and lyricism ", "talked all the way through it ", "to the phrase ` fatal script error ", "some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls ", "short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ", "sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up ", "thoroughly engrossing and ", "intriguing story ", "war-weary marine ", "creative energy and wit to entertain all ages ", "his intellectual rigor ", ", no such thing is a fascinating little tale . ", "interesting technical exercise ", "wonderful life ", "little too obvious , ", "fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat ", "for the character at all stages of her life ", "it does elect to head off in its own direction ", "the problem with the bread , my sweet ", "in a tasteful , intelligent manner ", "through the audience 's meat grinder one more ", "the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild ", "`` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods ", "a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home ", "it is n't scary . ", "gussied up ", "exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , ", "have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . ", "unaware ", "revelatory about his psyche ", "so pertinent and enduring ", "the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film ", "of menacing atmosphere ", "a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise ", "created such a vibrant , colorful world ", "other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas ", "stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . ", "sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? ", "... watching it was painful . ", "may have many agendas ", "lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context ", "oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy ", "sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer ", "of empathy for its characters ", "rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . ", "his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend ", "fails so fundamentally on every conventional level ", "long on glamour ", "being able to tear their eyes away from the screen ", "positive impression ", "the astute direction of cardoso ", "are just two of the elements that will grab you ", "a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . ", "desperate attempt ", "a great performance and ", "dogged ", "about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family ", "is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein ", "worst elements ", "consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt ", "is as difficult for the audience ", "uplifting and ", "american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place ", "inane and awful ", "originality in ` life ' ", "from a severe case of hollywood-itis ", "sensual ", "one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . ", "the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't . ", "ca n't really call it a work of art ", "contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . ", "an intelligent screenplay ", "pristine ", "held hostage ", "the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience ", "inelegant ", "limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists ", "the brawn ", "beautiful , entertaining two hours ", "is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "being unique ", "such confidence ", "it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . ", "first-class , natural acting ", "they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . ", "good-looking ", "affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . ", "serve no other purpose ", "is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . ", "suffers through this film ", "wit and warmth ", "that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is ", ", fun , popcorn movies ", "artwork ", "( a ) stale retread of the '53 original ", "as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ", "exciting new filmmaker ", "authentic feel ", "telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script ", "humor and poignancy ", "grandness ", "distanced us ", "biographical melodramas ", "too dark to be decipherable ", "much like a young robert deniro ", "it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . ", "affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . ", "will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony ", "is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . ", "is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience ", "feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "'s not original enough . ", "hip ", "'s a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . ", "would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . ", "sucking ", ", some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . ", "comedy , caper thrills and ", "zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ", "whose charms are immediately apparent ", "and in a sense , that 's a liability . ", "'s the element of condescension , ", "'s nothing very attractive about this movie ", "arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . ", "a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want . ", "lingering questions about what the film is really getting at ", "tootsie knockoff . ", "a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . ", "a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction ", "cliches , painful improbability ", "'s fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy ", "of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them ", "the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . ", "big fat liar is a real charmer ", "it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . ", "billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . ", "the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece ", "a convincing one ", "'s fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels ", "audacity ", "like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . ", "is sentimental ", "that offers no easy , comfortable resolution ", "that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , ", "a great deal of thought ", "too painfully ", "being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances ", "is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . ", "poetry , passion , and genius ", "to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater ", "we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid ", "borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , ", "skillfully assembled , highly polished ", "such a dependable concept ", "should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters ", "bad and baffling from the get-go ", "directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men ", ") story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "'s become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled ", "saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , ", "visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . ", "twice as powerful ", "being insightful ", "every painful nuance , ", "allows nothing ", "unusually surreal tone ", "empty , fetishistic violence ", "a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ", "watching spy ", "spreads itself too thin , ", "refreshing . ", "sons , loyalty and duty ", "white 's dry wit ", "veiling tension ", "inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone ", "something of a public service ", "getting a more mature body ", "forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - ", "authenticate ", "lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "most thoughtful films ", "see this terrific film with your kids ", "has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing ", "a more annoying ", "wickedly funny ", "would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . ", "has moments of inspired humor ", "unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . ", "well-acted , ", ", they succeed ", "love a disney pic ", "it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting . ", "enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film ", "the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre ", "to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . ", "without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . ", "an unmistakable , easy joie ", "the gabbiest giant-screen movie ", "saddest action hero performances ", "the gorgeous piano and ", "really solid performances ", "gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script ", "lousy ", "engaging and exciting ", "must have been astronomically bad ", "lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery ", "piercing domestic drama ", "a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good ", "that work -- is charming , is moving ", "franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but ", "showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season ", "the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . ", "friends ", "a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . ", "is also a work of deft and subtle poetry ", "the answers ", "blacked out in the lobby ", "soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . ", "a nightmare about bad cinema ", "if it were any more of a turkey ", "elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . ", "enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . ", "would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic ", "it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film ", "is more depressing than entertaining ", "unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . ", "ultimate ", "an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) ", "welcome , if downbeat , missive ", "reach for a barf bag ", "seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception ", "views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point ", "the home alone formula ", "the ` are we a sick society ", ", it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . ", "( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . ", "is precious little of either . ", "marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . ", "a sub-formulaic slap in the face ", "elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk ", "there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 ", "on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny ", "mind-numbing ", "any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . ", "is small in scope , yet perfectly formed ", "interesting character ", "as darkly funny , energetic , ", "girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre ", "to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . ", "is way too indulgent . ", "blah characters ", "a successful one ", "the line between sappy and sanguine ", "a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings ", "the battle bots ", "waking coma ", "overwhelmed by its lack of purpose ", ", the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . ", "an uneasy mix ", "a smashing success ", "reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk ", "crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment ", "exceedingly rare ", "constant smiles and frequent laughter ", "makes up for with its heart ", "... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . ", "while the highly predictable narrative falls short ", "the comic touch ", "ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . ", "a problem hollywood too long has ignored ", "have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot ", "hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves ", "be wholesome and subversive at the same time ", "of these tragic deaths ", "derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded ", "a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . ", "maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . ", "'ve told a nice little story in the process ", "worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham ", "is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ", "tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims ", "tends to do a little fleeing of its own . ", "caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion ", "this 65-minute trifle ", "` cherish ' ", "so aggressively cheery ", "is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious ", "their enthusiasm ", "proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books ", "which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . ", "stunning film ", "intelligent romantic thriller ", "this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer . ", "half the excitement of balto ", "interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . ", "may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . ", "a fine , rousing , g-rated family film ", "eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions ", "a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . ", "is so fine ", "laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . ", "more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions ", "than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death ", "carries almost no organic intrigue ", "unique and quirky ", "a zany mix ", "absorbing documentary ", "choreographed ", "up walking out not only satisfied but ", "a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ", "face frightening late fees ", "de niro ) ", ", i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor . ", "is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer ", "enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well ", "is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement ", "an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence ", "of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture ", "valiantly keep punching up the mix . ", "derivative , overlong , and bombastic ", "that believing in something does matter ", ", but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . ", "film that loses sight of its own story ", "morally bankrupt ", "allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue ", "perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs ", "should be able to find better entertainment ", "his control ", "this loser ", ", deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . ", "drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- ", "our eyes ", "that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . ", "a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "fits the bill perfectly ", "this might have been an eerie thriller ", "supernatural thriller ", "offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single ", "fresh and absorbing look ", ", manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . ", "the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . ", "sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point ", "said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise ", "been worth cheering as a breakthrough ", "in practically every facet of inept filmmaking ", "with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch ", "from a groundbreaking endeavor ", "the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun ", "the whiney characters bugged me ", "with aplomb ", "by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "ate a reeses ", "about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities ", "'s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it ", "take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story ", "fun and enjoyable ", "that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "the best the contest received ", "one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up ", "smooth and professional ", "the film works in spite of it ", "fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , ", "a whole lot of nada ", "undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution ", "characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families ", "the demented mind ", "struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious ", "leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken ", "to see three splendid actors ", "a visual style unique and inherent ", "about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . ", "the profoundly devastating events of one year ago ", "is intelligently accomplished ", "the positives ", "that 's where this film should have remained ", "its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois ", "mystical ", "leave ", "the filmmakers just follow the books ", "you 're almost dozing ", ", romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . ", "admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint ", ", discerning taste ", "interesting slice ", "with calamity ", "a sumptuous work ", "breakdown ", "nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s from start ", "'s no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ", "heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv ", "be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering ", "found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances ", "hugely rewarding ", "nominated for an oscar next year ", "a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience ", "starving and untalented ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply ", "we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . ", "a fairly irresistible package ", "sham actor workshops and ", "thrills , too many flashbacks and ", "irreparable ", "a flawed but engrossing thriller . ", "'m giving it a strong thumbs up ", ", think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . ", "from the brave , uninhibited performances ", "redolent ", "will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche ", "has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at ", "rich ", "you would n't want to live waydowntown , ", "it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . ", "rough-hewn vanity project ", "aggrieved father clich\u00e9 ", "be profane , ", "wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring ", "it was worth your seven bucks ", "film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' ", "lacked any ", "goes on and on to the point of nausea ", "audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "and small delights ", "the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . ", "thinking about going to see this movie ", "dudsville ", "goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , ", "passion ", "ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers ", "still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . ", "marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it ", "an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem ", "if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous ", "immediate inclination to provide a fourth book ", "singing , and unforgettable characters ", "and choppy recycling ", "convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment ", "stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill ", "is nonexistent . ", "the wal-mart checkout line ", "care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . ", "seriously bad ", "achievement ", "ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here ", "family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . ", "epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . ", "manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . ", "succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape ", "satire and childhood awakening ", "make you think about existential suffering ", "feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . ", "do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies ", "tough beauty ", "contentedly ", "amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and ", "dramatic enough ", "that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever ", "a paint-by-numbers picture ", "celebrates the human spirit ", "insult ", "a movie theater ", "back-stabbing ", "fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages ", "i realized that i just did n't care ", "quietly hopeful ", "just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . ", "smirk ", "intrigue and human-scale characters ", "going to be something really good ", "to believe that a life like this can sound so dull ", "fire ", "its unadorned view ", "waterlogged script ", "how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", ", amusing study ", "... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . ", "it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and ", "a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "falls into the trap of pretention ", "a delicious crime drama on par ", "literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . ", "to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats ", "a good race ", "make the film more silly than scary ", "mainstream audiences have rarely seen ", "honest , and enjoyable ", "funny , ", "gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ", "presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . ", "good enough to be the purr ", "you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow ", "human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart ", "obvious determination to shock at any cost ", "a backstage must-see for true fans ", "the recording sessions are intriguing , and ", "it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . ", "a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . ", "some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance ", "feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . ", "much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice ", "leaves a bitter taste . ", "being able to creep the living hell out of you ", "the tortured husband ", "characterization , poignancy , and intelligence ", "have their funny bones tickled ", "demonic ", "as generic as its title ", "the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out . ", "fun and funky look ", "charmless and ", "the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ", "enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . ", "is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us ", "shows excess in business and pleasure ", "the notion of deleting emotion from people ", "hot ", "with us ", "it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy ", "paper thin ", "is laughingly ", "do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "extraordinary dramatic experience . ", "its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and ", "you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots ", "shiner ", "'m not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . ", "merchandised-to-the-max ", "captures the wonders and worries of childhood ", "you love reading and/or poetry ", "the best thing ", "lively ", "is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy ", "by that measure , it is a failure . ", "poor casting ", "dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags ", "an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and ", "a kiss ", "it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups ", "the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams ", "the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "compassionate spirit ", "of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause ", ", but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . ", "a sweet ", "romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here ", "though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . ", "catch it ... if you can ! ", "both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts ", "it 's this rich and luscious ", "it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . ", "sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking ", "poor fit ", "a powerful drama ", "mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . ", "stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes ", "birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . ", "ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . ", "simple , poignant and leavened ", "that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen ", "found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent ", "it makes absolutely no sense ", "aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ", "this much imagination ", "someone other than the director ", "is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . ", "still seems timely and important . ", "on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "actually makes the heart soar ", "nature and family warmth ", "was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "the only thing scary about feardotcom ", "that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games ", "living far too much in its own head ", "make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come ", "for that comes through all too painfully in the execution ", "a country skunk ", "atmospheric weirdness ", "hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art ", "brutally honest ", "grotesque narcissism ", "nearly terminal ", "to keep things interesting ", "is not easily forgotten ", "won ", "it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject ", "hollow ", "his most personal ", "ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ", "the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand ", "the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it . ", "idealism american ", "spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . ", "bon app\u00e9tit ! ", "dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy ", "in perfect balance ", "its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet ", "an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins ", "like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion ", "oddly sweet comedy ", "a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . ", "what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . ", "some cynical creeps ", "the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . ", "are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front ", "for humor in so many teenage comedies ", "an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players ", "laconic and ", "in this every-joke-has - been-told-a ", "the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear ", "is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony ", "has never been more charming than in about a boy . ", "the expressive power of the camera ", "mugging their way through snow dogs ", "tattered ", "offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life ", "unchanged dullard ", "involve a dentist drill ", ", paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . ", "quick-witted ", "weak and ineffective ", "a minimalist beauty and ", "more interesting -- ", "see her esther blossom as an actress , ", "little farm melodrama . ", "adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special ", "does n't really believe in it ", "rather unexceptional ", "it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson ", "a rather thin moral ", "trite ", "an empty , purposeless exercise . ", "as timely as tomorrow ", "witty and often surprising ", "charming , sometimes infuriating ", "and lesbian children ", "turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . ", "lost and desolate ", "self-caricature ", "to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry ", "mounted , exasperatingly ", "decent ", "'s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles ", "on some levels ", "a frustrating patchwork ", "what an idea , what a thrill ride . ", "these days are about nothing ", "moronic as some campus ", "works as pretty contagious fun ", "lighting that emphasizes every line and sag ", "a class with spike lee 's masterful ", "it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , ", "it never rises to its clever what-if concept . ", "an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate ", "it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers ", "does strong , measured work ", "a director to watch ", "has had some success with documentaries ", "simply feel wrong ", "the off-center humor ", "leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . ", "a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ", "visually stunning rumination ", "leads to a satisfying destination ", "dark places ", "gives a superb performance ", "'s semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet ", ", almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . ", "an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation . ", "this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so ", "dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . ", "hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . ", "balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "has n't graduated from junior high school ", "so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . ", "of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ", "bring out joys in our lives that we never knew ", "written ", "no place for this story to go but down ", "a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city ", ", because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful ", "perversity ", "the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless ", "intricately constructed ", "makes the movie fresh ", "it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . ", "that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting ", "pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference ", "wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . ", "jagged , ", "where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor ", "little style ", "'s worse ", "see nothing in it ", "and engaging examination ", "it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory ", "another night ", "aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes ", "is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . ", "slow , predictable and not very amusing ", "settle for ", "'s rarely as entertaining as it could have been ", "`` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years ", "'' is the operative word for `` bad company ", "a low-budget hybrid ", "do n't need to try very hard ", "strays ", "amoral assassin ", "composed delivery ", "too sappy for its own good ", "raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids ", "its heightened , well-shaped dramas ", "stupid , ", "as telling a country skunk ", "comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation ", "on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . ", "hated myself in the morning . ", "if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . ", "exceptionally charming ", "that woman 's doubts ", "take on loss and loneliness . ", "kline 's superbly nuanced performance ", "when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . ", "by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work ", "embracing than monty ", "sexy slip ", "( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , ", "stop watching ", "is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . ", "for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway ", "is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . ", "a serious contender ", "while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . ", "a film less ", "leave it ", "stale retread of the '53 original ", "jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt ", "too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff ", "bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . ", "oftentimes funny , ", "as good a job as anyone ", "likely to seduce and conquer ", "is a just a waste . ", "despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz ", "this gentle comedy ", "i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . ", "this turd squashed ", "that it 's offensive ", "the more you will probably like it . ", "mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings ", "feels counterproductive ", "that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie ", "'s supposed to be a romantic comedy ", "an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus ", "'ll find in this dreary mess . ", "it 's fun , ", ", nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . ", "are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros ", "the part where nothing 's happening , ", "surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot ", "done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation ", "a loose collection ", "maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it ", "an attention to detail ", "its extremely languorous rhythms , ", "bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "plodding mess ", "( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . ", "highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . ", "there are great rewards here . ", "top-notch creative team ", "a war tribute ", "one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "a charming but slight comedy . ", "special qualities ", "that it 's inauthentic at its core ", "a life interestingly lived ", "put so much time and energy into this turkey ", "is just sooooo tired ", "the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . ", "radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film ", "by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers ", "susan ", "directed , barely , by there ", "much like its easily dismissive ", "a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with ", "ended up in a movie this bad ", "a younger lad ", "the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . ", "the gags are puerile . ", "like a cheap lawn chair ", "no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days ", "then again , i hate myself most mornings . ", "designed to fill time , ", "thoughtful , emotional ", "tossed off ", "not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick ", "be me : fighting off the urge to doze ", "i do n't mean that in a good way ", "of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "gritty realism and magic realism ", "padding ", "if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor ", "a turkey ", "provoked to intolerable levels ", "journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . ", "she may not be real , but the laughs are ", "offers an intriguing what-if premise . ", "an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets . ", "insightful and entertaining ", "tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? ", "genuine insight into the urban heart ", "is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded ", "farcically ", "collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence ", "that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture ", "imagine having more fun watching a documentary ", "hard-to-swallow ", "i enjoyed barbershop ", "characterizations to be mildly amusing ", "is never especially clever and ", "never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "career-best ", "after next ", ", the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . ", "rare and riveting ", "'s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! ", "an exhilarating ", "should never , ever , ", "how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . ", "meditative ", "is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . ", "inspired humor ", "has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "savor ", "these characters love each other ", "are reflected in almost every scene ", "with a visually masterful work of quiet power ", "mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar ", "mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ", "most politically audacious films ", "incoherent jumble ", "the stale material ", "no wrong ", "in your heart ", "flashy ", "stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design ", "shamelessly manipulative and contrived ", "offers a trenchant critique of capitalism ", "as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ", "the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . ", "it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . ", "favorite ", "unlaughable ", "to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn ", "it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . ", "so flabby ", "impressively ", "dirty jokes ", "'' astounds . ", "to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity ", "an epiphany ", "times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ", "interesting '' ", "italian pinocchio ", "the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) ", "'s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "juwanna mann ", "comes together ", "a chilling tale of one of the great crimes ", "the kind of energy it 's documenting ", "a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . ", "may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "a sane regimen ", "turn down a big bowl of that ", "has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . ", "newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "a cruel story ", "an admirable reconstruction of terrible events ", "fun with the quirks of family life ", "this fascinating portrait ", ", '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . ", "is the opposite of a truly magical movie ", "it has its moments ", "is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much ", "wears ", "cringe ", "stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . ", "terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; ", "an actress ", "the jokes are sophomoric , ", "of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone ", "that it comes off as annoying rather than charming ", "'s muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ", "makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . ", "nurtures the multi-layers of its characters ", "whirlwind ", "is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . ", "this world more complex ", "best actor ", "seagal ran out of movies years ago , and ", "maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . ", "moving ", "alas , getting there is not even half the interest . ", "been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over ", "has wonderfully funny moments ", "one of the biggest disappointments of the year ", "the gutless direction ", "something on crummy-looking videotape ", "the first one charming ", "seen 10,000 times ", "conservative christian parents ", "of director abel ferrara ", "incisive and sensitive ", "i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again ", "helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games ", "flies out the window ", "a group of extremely talented musicians ", "conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- ", "spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick ", "viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving ", "is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . ' ", "does n't do a load of good ", "wayward wooden one ", "throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! ", "creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . ", "if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . ", "is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness ", "'s just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . ", "the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . ", "this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . ", "the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- ", "more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . ", "fun , ", "fluid and mesmerizing sequence ", "its questionable satirical ambivalence ", "a tearjerker ", "cross between highlander and lolita ", "if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . ", "having an old friend ", "to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying ", "rick ", "strong voices ", "rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the na\u00eff 's encounter with the world . ", "the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble ", "... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . ", "a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity ", "failing , ", "the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls ", "whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . ", "the movie 's messages are quite admirable , ", "skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "dismiss ", "creepy and believable ", "that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride ", "truth-in-advertising hounds ", "weirdly ", "so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant ", ", magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . ", "has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . ", "to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson ", "survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . ", "of updating white 's dry wit to a new age ", "unlimited access ", "ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls ", "tell you ", ", the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , ", "how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan ", "yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . ", "the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "bravo for history ", "a troubled and determined homicide cop ", "of admission for the ridicule factor ", "good taste ", "the movie should win the band a few new converts , too ", ", salvation and good intentions ", "is the far superior film . ", "the product ", "carrying off a spot-on scottish burr ", "an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely ", "the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me ", "the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme ", "you wrong on both counts ", "a strong script , powerful direction and ", "too deep or substantial . ", "of impressive talent ", "be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made ", "a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . ", "'ve grown tired of going where no man has gone before ", "be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john ", "is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . ", "what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance . ", "is as delightful as it is derivative . ", "glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . ", "clearly well-intentioned ", "( cool visual backmasking ) ", "old college try ", "photographed and beautifully ", "loved the look of this film . ", "a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence ", ", the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . ", "boring and obvious ", "does somehow manage to get you under its spell . ", "both refreshingly different ", "super - violent , ", "decent tv outing ", "the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . ", "spite of it ", "moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . ", "when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . ", "of the rotting underbelly of middle america ", "cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ", "the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "most original fantasy film ", "know how to please the eye ", "makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here ", "an exceptional thriller ", "her material is not first-rate ", "the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug ", "loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . ", "to protect your community from the dullest science fiction ", "all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "into a black hole of dullness ", "one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year ", "the best and most mature comedy ", "avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill ", "an ` action film ' ", "a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "favor of tradition and warmth ", "the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , ", "relentlessly saccharine ", "exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' ", "mundane ", "grab us ", "team ", "find greatness ", "a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . ", "the central flaw of the film ", "much first-rate ", "so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . ", "is built on a potentially interesting idea ", "on an elegant visual sense and a talent ", "pubescent ", "why ? ", "come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . ", "pig ", "the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- ", "is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . ", "with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage ", "that 's neither completely enlightening , ", "collateral damage is trash ", "is too amateurishly square ", "witty and beneath ", "watchable by a bravura performance ", "she ca n't provide any conflict ", "puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it ", "its most glaring ", "have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age ", "good-naturedness ", "is long gone ", "a big , juicy role ", "anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take ", "a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor ", "... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . ", "how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls ", "brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "captive by mediocrity . ", "to remember ", "unparalleled ", "to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original ", "if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ", "strange and beautiful film ", "blasphemous and nonsensical ", "so boring ", "a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female ", "has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , ", "settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . ", "seriously , folks , it does n't work . ", "manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt ", "so bad ", "worth the concentration ", "the energetic frontman ", "it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . ", "drag as soon as the action speeds up ", "a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama ", "'re all in this together ", "a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , ", "and that makes all the difference . ", ", you should be able to find better entertainment . ", "one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party ", "are missing -- ", "unclear ", "none-too-funny commentary ", "this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative ", "hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as ", "just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it ", "one 's appetite for the bollywood films ", "touched by the film 's conviction ", "the film 's needlessly opaque intro ", "as much humor as pathos ", "the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ", "there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . ", "this deeply moving french drama ", "sublime ", "there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . ", "windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . ", "convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic ", "each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time ", "deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . ", "its recycled aspects , implausibility , and ", "wonderful subject ", "frightfest ", ", like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough ", "even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . ", "from a faraway planet ", "then ends with a whimper ", "warm . ", "canny and ", "a modestly surprising movie ", "'s apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies ", "you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . ", "passionate ", "disrobed most of the cast , ", "in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction ", "best didacticism ", "staggeringly compelling character ", "it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life ", "with a pleasing verisimilitude ", "nonsense machine ", "a wonderful tale ", "the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . ", "is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion ", "richly detailed ", "it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action ", "hate it . ", "to question why somebody might devote time to see it ", "cynicism every bit ", "'s really unclear why this project was undertaken ", "itch to explore more ", "its unerring respect ", "effortlessly ", "of emotional comfort ", "stirs us ", "sillier , cuter ", "a disaster of a drama ", ", the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . ", "playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows . ", "it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . ", "fluttering ", "an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . ", "'s not only dull ", "pissed off ", "with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace ", "a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . ", "the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed . ", "uninteresting ", "comic set ", "`` horrible '' and `` terrible ", "one film ", "d ) ", "prefabricated ", "guilty ", "quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . ", "a part of its fun ", "a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . ", "production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot ", "metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles ", "looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus ", "it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . ", "gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand ", "murphy and owen wilson ", "is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes ", "like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . ", "terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating ", "cliches , painful improbability and ", "a mundane '70s disaster flick ", "remains fairly light , ", "oppressive ", "'s muy loco , but no more ridiculous ", "leaping from one arresting image to another ", "inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack ", "some glimpses of nature and family warmth ", ", and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "long-on-the-shelf ", "because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , ", "profits ", "through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot ", "it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ", "may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . ", "capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism ", "has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler ", "energized ", "so gracefully ", "made him feel powerful ", "is just a little bit hard to love ", "despair and ", "so crass ", "star-power potential ", "told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . ", "compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness ", "surefire , beloved genres ", "give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film ", "the film is way too full of itself ", "they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . ", "an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again ", "an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film ", "is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something ", "sensation ", "the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . ", "it 's the image that really tells the tale . ", "creative composure ", "is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . ", "interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity ", "he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited ", "did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ", "limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . ", "does n't match his ambition ", "resemble the shapeless ", "unsatisfying ending ", "raucous and sappy ", "love , communal discord , ", "a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever ", "are ... ", "tortured and self-conscious material ", "however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . ", "some powerful people ", "clever and insightful ", "wonder of wonders -- ", "enough interest ", "the whole thing never existed ", "divine monument ", "seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times ", "a sermon for most of its running time ", "more than a movie ", "has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . ", "'s depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . ", "fluke ", "a few good laughs ", "cold , nervy and memorable ", "whose derring-do puts the x into the games ", "'s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . ", "funniest person ", "destructive ", "this erotic cannibal movie is boring ", "in by the sympathetic characters ", ", and at times uncommonly moving ", "watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy ", "is genuinely inspirational ", "seemingly ", "its leaden acting , dull exposition ", "frustrated and detached ", "too amateurishly square ", "wait to see it then . ", ", sterile and lacking ", "'s lovely and amazing ", "awfully deadly ", "are in this tepid genre offering ", "hugely enjoyable ", "to scoring high for originality of plot ", "even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . ", "in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ", "devolves ", "completely familiar ", "for the quirky ", "'s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ", "the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children ", "... unbearably lame . ", "feels five hours long ", "very sweet ", "introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "upbeat ", "to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins ", ", cry and realize , ", "takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth ", "is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "sch\u00fctte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . ", "the upbeat ending ", "bertrand tavernier 's ", "a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . ", "are sexy ", "excessively quirky ", "is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . ", "this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . ", "'s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before ", "love , memory , history ", ", can prevent its tragic waste of life ", "probably wo n't stand the cold light of day ", "the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but ", "with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them ", "promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . ", "tepid genre offering ", "discovery and humor ", "no lie ", "out of a cellular phone commercial ", "evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean ", "well-thought stunts ", "cruel ", "the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . ", "slip into hokum ", "its unique feel ", "employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing ", "deviant ", "'ll know a star when you see one . ", "return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation ", "pays earnest homage to turntablists and ", "less-than-thrilling thriller . ", "of a really solid woody allen film ", "low-grade ", "a laugh between them ", ", caring ", "as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . ", "gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . ", "cheap trick ", "wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so ", "despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . ", "a cool event for the whole family ", "is laughingly enjoyable ", "is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous ", "is actually funny without hitting below the belt ", "shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . ", "tends to plod . ", "be an astronaut ", "stick to his day job ", "little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon ", "is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . ", "is emerging in world cinema ", "that special annex of hell ", "such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen ", "-- and at times , all ", "growing , moldering pile ", "the finest films ", "vincent became more and more abhorrent ", "knows how to make our imagination wonder . ", ", there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . ", "the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though ", "an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . ", "walk to remember '' ", "leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ", "assume is just another day of brit cinema ", "given fair warning ", ", we hope it 's only acting . ", "-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- ", "realized through clever makeup design ", "updating white 's dry wit to a new age ", "a must see for all sides of the political spectrum ", "a comic fan ", "funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness ", "mind : so why is this so boring ? ", "as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times ", "created a monster but did n't know how to handle it ", "becoming a christmas perennial ", "is dazzling ", "this so-called satire ", "its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ", "funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . ", "brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema ", "her tragedies ", "absorbing ", "dopey dialogue ", "has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . ", "a superior horror flick ", "here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 . ", "the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games ", "to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks ", "having sucked dry the undead action flick formula ", "a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause ", "a classic movie franchise ", "the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . ", "skins has a desolate air ", "shameless attempt ", "teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease ", "is tepid and tedious . ", "bogs down in a surfeit of characters and ", ", nasty journey ", "mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time ", "hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . ", "the cleverest , ", "fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . ", "that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking ", "accepting him ", "acumen ", "on its way ", "opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . ", "straight-ahead ", "a classic story ", "the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy ", "'ve had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ", "a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light ", "lucy liu never comes together ", "not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? ", "the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism ", "the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . ", "that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone ", "keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation ", "so intimate ", "moving and weighty ", "falls somewhat short ", "the best thing i can say about this film ", "undeniably worthy and devastating experience ", "seeking to pull a cohesive story out ", "increasingly implausible as it races ", "weighs down the tale with bogus profundities ", "at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . ", "are some fairly unsettling scenes ", "no way original ", "this trite , predictable rehash ", "are universal and involving ", "this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . ", "by folks worthy of scorn ", "a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . ", "an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they ", "is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film ", "proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure ", "the best date movie ", "about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy ", "suffers from all the excesses ", "burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . ", "is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . ", "sounds whiny and defensive , ", "significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration ", "the q in quirky ", "playful respite ", "to dumb down the universe ", "anticipated ", "likely to leave a lasting impression ", "box office money that makes michael jordan jealous ", "interesting controversy ", "for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood ", "they 'll probably run out screaming . ", "though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs ", "of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously . ", "not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer ", "who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable ", "did n't smile . ", "deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . ", "earns extra points ", "to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it ", "limited ", "is as adult as you can get ", "everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . ", "comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt ", "neo-nazism ", "thanks to the presence ", "botching ", "forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "'s mostly a pleasure to watch ", "he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . ", "isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters ", "offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility ", "dumb comedy ", "that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ", "spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ", "positive ( if tragic ) ", "expresses our most basic emotions ", "two directors with far less endearing disabilities ", "the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned ", "brash , intelligent ", "an action icon ", "'s an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter ", "a marvel of production design . ", "a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . ", "bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it ", "after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . ", "rusi vulakoro ", "runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance ", "of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families ", "is a dud ", "well-timed ", "user-friendly ", "as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music . ", "follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , ", "coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather ", "falls short ", "the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . ", "this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . ", "have preceded it ", "beyond redemption ", "'s a funny no-brainer ", "weird little movie ", "is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . ", "need a stronger stomach than us ", "brutally dry ", "is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . ", "an unsettling picture ", "have a good shot at a hollywood career ", "denying ", "in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick ", "the lion king ", "plateau ", "a sense of real magic , perhaps . ", "a dim-witted pairing ", "the only surprise ", "negatives ", "the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise ", "could fail to respond ", "the multi-layers of its characters ", "a soulful , incisive meditation ", "ever spill from a projector 's lens ", "tongue-in-cheek ", "derisive ", "have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . ", "a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ", "others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . ", ", this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . ", "a travesty of a transvestite comedy ", "enjoyable feel-good family comedy ", "exceedingly memorable one ", "would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? ", "outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and ", "eloquent , reflective and beautifully ", "congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! ", "the film is well-intentioned ", "you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time ", "'s a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax ", "most awful acts ", "has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller ", "the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . ", "overplayed ", "a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . ", "know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too ", "a great one ", "pays off and is effective if you stick with it ", "appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making ", "overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message ", "a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder ", "the legendary wit 's ", "adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . ", "more tacky and reprehensible ", "incredibly hokey ", "that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads ", "the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . ", "must have been lost in the translation . ", "i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ! ", "falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy ", "would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . ", "a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen . ", "do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . ", "guarantee ", "all things we 've seen before ", ", food-for-thought cinema ", "translating complex characters from novels to the big screen ", "tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , ", "preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . ", "and inventive moments ", "than their funny accents ", "takes a classic story ", ", this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . ", "be considered a funny little film ", ", you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . ", "director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks ", "melodrama and ", "fascinating portrait ", "the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . ", "hate it because it 's lousy . ", "the poor acting ", "bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ", "for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . ", "rambles ", "town ", "across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle ", "'s far from fresh-squeezed ", "help increase an average student 's self-esteem ", "legs ", "do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved ", "'s something impressive and yet lacking about everything . ", "aesthetically and sexually ", "one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time ", "painful elegy ", "this a charmer ", "far the worst movie of the year ", "into a poem of art , music and metaphor ", "was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and ", "soap-opera ", "of minor shortcomings ", "-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- ", "terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid ", "animation back 30 years , ", "a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back ", "some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan ", "but uninvolving ", ", sex with strangers is a success . ", "just not a thrilling movie ", "its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion ", "crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . ", "( n ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . ", "freshness and ", "the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . ", "insipid , brutally clueless ", "humor and a heartfelt conviction ", "only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes ", "acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense ", "'s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding ", "human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film ", "acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . ", "the nifty premise ", "acceptable ", "though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , ", "while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' ", "documentarian ", "that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at ", "helpful ", "of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure ", "in conveying its social message ", "good looks ", "expects people to pay to see it ", "stereotypes in good fun , ", "shoots and scores ", "the art direction is often exquisite , and ", "'s an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long ", "has become one of our best actors ", "good music documentary ", "it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . ", "see all summer ", "the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "as plain and pedestrian as catsup ", "poetic force and buoyant feeling ", "a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes ", "it with ring , ", "remarkably mature ", "a beautifully sung holiday carol ", "important political documentary ", "nor a clich\u00e9 left unsaid ", "following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish ", "coupling disgracefully written dialogue ", "playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ", "tens of thousands of german jewish refugees ", "realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period ", "if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow ", "captivates ", "becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , ", "absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man ", "a worthwhile effort ", "the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation ", "repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . ", "the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . ", "weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen ", "idiotic and ", "with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half ", "another classic for the company ", "than anything seen on jerry springer ", "broken character study ", "sugar-coated rocky ", "an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture ", "family responsibility and care ", "a complete waste ", "song-and-dance-man ", ", ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... ", "is n't worth telling ", "this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature ", "the clich\u00e9-riddled genre ", "alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . ", "a quietly moving ", "jfk conspiracy nuts ", "directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion ", "sturdiest example yet ", "hand in hand ", "ends up delivering in good measure ", "with humor and lightness ", "does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution ", "this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . ", "that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed ", "a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . ", "from any movie with a `` 2 '' ", "that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times ", "no new plot conceptions ", "kids-and-family-oriented ", "see it twice ", "a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . ", "to video ", "deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy ", "humanity 's greatest shame ", "point at things that explode into flame ", "'d live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve ", "eye-popping ", "will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story ", "tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , ", "not taken ", "is little else to recommend `` never again . ", "remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . ", "a truly annoying pitch ", "more propaganda ", "too placid ", "as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets ", "treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . ", ", this is the one . ", "once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny . ", "at least passably ", "of almost perpetually wasted characters ", "cold , nervy and memorable . ", "unusual homes ", "really rattling the viewer ", "to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "makes the clothes ", "conquers ", "the amazing spider-man ", "kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "literate material ", "unsatisfying muddle ", "fun and funny in the middle ", "in all its strange quirks ", "me feeling refreshed and hopeful ", "just another disjointed , ", "may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season ", "'ve ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . ", "report that it is instead a cheap clich\u00e9 ", "witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . ", "into elaborate choreography ", "awful movie ", "a better movie ", "the first film so special ", "sustains a higher plateau ", "with unblinking candor ", ", the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . ", "the magic that made it all work ", "will warm your heart ", ", pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . ", "an impeccable study in perversity . ", "just sneers ", "likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? ", "modernize it with encomia ", "this laboratory of laughter ", "sharp comedy , ", "deserves an oscar nomination . ", "just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite ", "yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere ", "it is nevertheless compelling ", "'s almost worth seeing because it 's so bad ", "the rolling of a stray barrel ", "inconsequential road-and-buddy pic ", "an exhilarating new interpretation ", "it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ", "important and exhilarating ", "bogged down over 140 minutes ", "adam sandler assault ", "because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "the writing and direction to the soggy performances ", "'s good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . ", "a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "our close ties with animals ", "that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken ", "unabashed sweetness ", "its welcome with audiences several years ", "( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work . ", "is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression ", "but fails to keep it up and settles into clich\u00e9s . ", "the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . ", "best 60 minutes ", "remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre ", "why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . ", "'s really so appealing about the characters ", "my mind ", "` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . ", "the talents of its attractive young leads ", "overbearing ", "uncinematic ", "what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity ", "it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama ", "this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . ", "devastating indictment ", "improvised on a day-to-day basis during production ", "a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "hefty helping ", "a fragile framework ", "the far superior film ", "dullest irish pub scenes ", "rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . ", "the ch\u00e2teau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . ", "on the strength of their own cleverness ", "exalted ", "of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd ", "educates viewers ", "randolph ", "an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . ", "utterly convincing ", "thanks to an astonishingly witless script ", "certain sexiness ", "succumbing to its own bathos ", "most politically audacious ", "reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style ", "heartening tale ", "sci-fi . ", "young man 's ", "minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy ", "-- ever so gracefully -- ", "is a superior horror flick . ", "there are lulls ", "undemanding armchair tourists ", "an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising ", "this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie ", "nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself ", "unpleasant ", "well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell ", "only defies credibility ", "in this dreary mess ", "the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap ", "a clever script ", "been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again ", "how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering ", "tooled action thriller about love and terrorism ", "constant smiles and ", "frothy ` date movie ", "offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen . ", "give life ", "take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire ", "overproduced ", "the empty stud knockabout ", "recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time ", "we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and ", "an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something ", "it 's sort of in-between , and it works . ", "is the director 's talent . ", "an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera ", "a happy , heady jumble ", "'s meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments ", "it is thought-provoking . ", "pale xerox of other , better crime movies . ", ", this could be a passable date film . ", "the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; ", "crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . ", ", you 're in luck . ", "a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses ", "uses very little dialogue ", "yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless ", "very good ", "goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl ", "many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit . ", "be distasteful to children and adults alike ", "a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . ", "with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . ", "just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "are quietly moving ", "mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ", "i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . ", "becomes a testament ", "an overexposed waste ", "outrageous , ingenious ", "niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press ", "to a superior crime movie ", "effortlessly draws you in ", "feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain ", "a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . ", "is no rest period , no timeout ", "skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . ", "they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . ", "a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . ", "see it for his performance if nothing else . ", "come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . ", "a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "favored ", "a kind of perpetual pain ", "'s got as potent a topic as ever here ", "has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . ", "so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen ", "is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . ", "hymn and a cruel story of youth culture ", "the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "well-thought stunts or a car chase ", "delectable ", "to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street ", "crisper and punchier ", "loud , chaotic and ", "even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic ", "'s a pale imitation ", "it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen ", "tell you how tedious , ", "a lot of tooth in roger dodger ", "the outstanding soundtrack ", "this wild welsh whimsy ", "feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , ", "the powerful success ", "a strangely ", "a strong directorial stamp ", "emerge with unimpeachable clarity ", "mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision ", "a flat , unconvincing drama ", "succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . ", "i skipped country bears ", "has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . ", "the unfulfilling ", "'s just merely very bad . ", "'s simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative ", "staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . ", "by a natural sense for what works ", "jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . ", "to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "a hazy high ", "which is way too stagy ", "humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be ", "morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed ", "characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . ", "showcases the city 's old-world charm ", "lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships ", "as the film breaks your heart ", "is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . ", "flowering ", "between sullivan and his son ", "too fluffy ", "fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes ", "has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks ", "'s ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin ", "thoroughly awful . ", "nice to see piscopo again after all these years ", "... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . ", "good , achingly human ", "stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , ", "the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops ", "first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . ", "co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision ", "that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics ", "is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . ", "the humanity of its people ", "said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women ", "to faith and rainbows ", "with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ", "a sense of wonder ", "get all five ", "taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating ", "you find comfort in familiarity ", "into an insular world that gives the lie to many clich\u00e9s and showcases a group of dedicated artists ", "no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . ", "exciting to watch as two last-place basketball ", "it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun ", "for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains ", "when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . ", "maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . ", "i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . ", "measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . ", ", the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . ", "be growing ", "scorcher ", "author 's ", "a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . ", "both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement ", "sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it ", "who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ", "bear the laughter ", "toilet-humor codswallop ", "crash-and-bash action ", "where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . ", "annoying , is n't it ", "obviously desired ", "with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "this movie is careless and unfocused . ", "many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill ", "sensitive and ", "this choppy and sloppy affair ", "can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . ", "utterly static ", "perfect quiet pace ", "too-frosty ", "it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama ", "long , slow and dreary ", ", hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . ", "funeral ", "into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes ", "developed ", "is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved ", "oscar-caliber performances ", "an interesting racial tension ", "a sexy , surprising romance ", "an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' ", "it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators ", "why anyone should bother remembering it ", "fanciful thinkers ", "he was reading the minds of the audience . ", "leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . ", "eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it ", "with a single ", "as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising ", "second , what 's with all the shooting ? ", "surprisingly ` solid ' achievement ", "with music and laughter ", "a beauty to behold ", "a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . ", "just fine ", "is an uneven film for the most part ", "taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all ", "succumbs to gravity and plummets ", "well-meaning , beautifully produced film ", "get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ", "dozens of bad guys ", "perfect wildean actor ", "for excitement ", "preposterous ", "a lame comedy . ", "never clearly defines his characters or ", "ca n't compare friday after next to them ", "i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . ", "slimed ", "strong piece ", "a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say ", "real winner ", "in the worst sense of the expression ", "is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent ", "the novel ", "have stayed there ", "stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . ", "has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side ", "from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes ", "a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality ", "marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity ", "be able to look away for a second ", "` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . ", "everybody loves a david and goliath story , ", ", can not overcome blah characters ", "wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . ", "nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ", ", it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . ", "rises above superficiality ", "of the best war movies ever made ", "loved ", "make up for an unfocused screenplay ", "despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "displacement ", "starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . ", "a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy . ", "this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) ", "moviegoers not already clad in basic black ", "schneider 's performance is so fine ", "love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , ", "cleverly ", "it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . ", "there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat ", "at leading lives of sexy intrigue ", "the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . ", "a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age ", "is n't scary ", "once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... ", "funny and well-contructed ", "start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ", "unmistakable , easy joie ", "us share their enthusiasm ", "is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness ", "complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out ", "as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema ", "three words : thumbs friggin ' down ", "what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . ", "unentertaining ", "of honest working folk ", "promises ", "actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "nothing else happening ", "originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller ", "you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . ", "insanely violent ", "fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film ", "'s appealingly manic and energetic . ", "a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis ", "god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves ", "flat acting ", "( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority . ", "a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind ", "certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes ", "a scruffy ", "critics be damned . ", "is by far the worst movie of the year . ", "can be made ", "overly sillified plot ", "refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original ", "mental illness ", "although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . ", "a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish ", "this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end ", "complex , politically charged tapestry ", "with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for ", "maintained ", "b-movie ", "without much interest in the elizabethans ", "the laborious pacing and ", "a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation ", "succeeds ", "seem self-consciously poetic and forced ", "the film is a pleasant enough dish . ", "imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful ", "painfully forced , ", "has little clue ", "it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . ", "who sometimes defies sympathy ", "the frequent allusions ", "a beautiful , aching sadness to it all ", "taking them ", "some laughs ", "what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ", "the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . ", ", norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , ", "cliche with little new added . ", "soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . ", "is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . ", "its pulpy core conceit ", "unbelievably stupid ", "as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and ", "manages , with terrific flair ", "amoral ", "an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground ", "breathtaking mystery ", "flat , flat dialogue ", "extraordinary journalism ", "a one-trick pony ", "inappropriate ", "i wo n't be sitting through this one again ", "weird . ", "painfully formulaic and stilted ", "to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow ", "affection ", "everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings ", "does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "an important movie , or even a good one ", "comedy spectacle ", "is no substitute for on-screen chemistry ", "tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah ", "but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . ", "who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act ", "evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . ", "recycled ", "seeing this trite , predictable rehash ", "murderous ", "an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character ", "layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure ", "` direct-to-video ' release ", "( swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . ", "a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding ", "is particularly impressive . ", "should see this movie ", "dull , ", "more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ", "ambiguous ending ", "generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters ", "quiet , introspective and entertaining independent ", "makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison ", ", this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . ", "david and ", ", future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter ", "enchantment ", "sin ", "could n't keep my attention ", "carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy ", "you 'll enjoy the hot chick . ", "be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild ", "loaded with good intentions ", "strangely impersonal and abstract ", "surrounding us ", "passionately ", "the most offensive thing about the movie ", "to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it ", "is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "more psychotic than romantic ", "will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ", "in some evocative shades ", "well integrated ", "serious critique ", "works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . ", "it 's a sit down and ponder affair ", "could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . ", "wanderers and a bronx tale ", "best and ", "big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' ", "good-naturedly ", "while not for every taste ", "could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "any of these despicable characters ", "makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and ", "leaving the theater with a smile on your face ", "striking and ", "nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy ", "need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is ", "could take me back to a time before i saw this movie ", "a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . ", "crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . ", "a give-me-an-oscar kind ", "wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways ", "lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into bu\u00f1uel 's casings ", "it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say ", "remarkable achival film ", "never change . ", "balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching ", "have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows ", "as tawdry trash ", "there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . ", "do n't say you were n't warned . ", "very good comedic songs ", "it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests ", "a saga of the ups and downs of friendships ", ", elusive , yet inexplicably ", "watch on video at home ", "a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . ", "the works of an artist ", "that everlasting conundrum ", "the cleverness ", "atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense ", "flexible ", "the real masterpiece ", "a manically generous christmas vaudeville . ", "emerges as the very best of them ", "the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . ", "wanes ", "a solid , unassuming drama ", "saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory ", "this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but ", "the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . ", "he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "has a solid emotional impact . ", "a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . ", "is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . ", "to the familiar topic of office politics ", "interesting storyline ", "the serbs themselves ", "man clich\u00e9 ", ", the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . ", "most ordinary and obvious ", "a fresh way ", "a perfectly rendered period piece ", "rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces ", "is too busy ", "a huge box-office ", "there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty ", "you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , ", "blind , crippled , amish people ", "instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . ", "designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe ", ", the movie is powerful and provocative . ", "a huge disappointment coming , as it does , ", "a finely tuned mood ", "a remarkably alluring film ", "rings false . ", "the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . ", "is so resolutely ", "this unimaginative comedian ", "have a whale of a good time . ", "wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text ", "pooper-scoopers ", "the more problematic aspects ", ", the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . ", "less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . ", "the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke ", "'s just that it 's so not-at-all-good ", "nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : ", "leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless ", "heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ", "environmental pollution ", "of the world 's most fascinating stories ", "earlier copycat under siege ", "a road-trip drama ", "codswallop ", "the film has ( its ) moments , but ", "somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . ", "than the very sluggish pace ", "... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . ", "scorsese 's bold images ", "a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . ", "an extremely flat lead performance ", "seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "an irresistible blend of warmth and humor ", "an adventure story and history lesson ", "plotless , ", "do we really need the tiger beat version ? ", "other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or ", "that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films ", "is an all-time low for kevin costner . ", "the usual movie rah-rah ", "create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows ", "a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . ", "banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad ", "sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest ", "swooning melodrama ", "are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series ", "rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "it 's actually watchable ", "a verbal duel ", "any insight ", "this rather unfocused ", "at least three dull plots ", "nelson 's intentions are good , but ", "( evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . ", "debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . ", "effective portrait ", "loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion ", "he provides a strong itch to explore more . ", "cathartic ", "visually ", "to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters ", "of this unique director 's previous films ", "but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . ", "that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy ", "pointed , often tender , examination ", "is god ", "the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . ", "do n't fit well together ", "comic chiller ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and ", "while we delight in the images ", "another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype ", "for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus ", "invigorating ", "a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . ", "baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . ", "their parents ' anguish ", "dogs ", "his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . ", "that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion ", "extraordinary intelligence and originality ", "mostly repetitive ", "well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but ", "the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get ", "commanding screen presence ", "`` a '' range ", "is as thought-provoking ", "'s a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be ", "only masochistic moviegoers ", "the disjointed mess ", "told with humor and poignancy ", "is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy ", "there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back ", "solemn insights ", "suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . ", "frustrations ", "unifying ", "been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations ", "takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker ", "as dumb and cheesy ", "elegantly colorful look ", "head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work ", "a true star ", "the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "winning story ", "kline 's superbly nuanced performance , ", "spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role ", "its funny moments ", "the historical period and ", "miserable and smug ", "spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship ", "the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . ", "is interested ", "pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations ", "the perfect festival film ", "one of those so-so films that could have been much better ", "bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . ", "it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . ", "hardened indie-heads ", "the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- ", "the clever credits roll ", "we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed ", "the bullseye ", "as predictable as the tides ", "has intentionally left college or was killed ", "clumsy and rushed ", "so badly made on every level ", "this story is really all about ", "this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . ", "is wonderful ", "few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . ", "an improvement ", "rusted-out ", "also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes ", "settles into clich\u00e9s ", "spain ", "simple-minded ", "an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- ", "'s strongest and most touching movie of recent years ", "of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film ", "has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense ", "collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . ", "an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood ", "does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head ", "very bad scouse accents ", "behavior and severe flaws ", "' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . ", "one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing ", "as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects ", "rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . ", "pornography or documentary ", "is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . ", "you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . ", "'s just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar ", "godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... ", "recreating it an in an african idiom ", "sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care ", "even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ", "that 's lived too long ", "more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and ", "the fine line between cheese ", "that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant ", "makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . ", "that 's best served cold ", "is commentary enough ", ", from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner ", "the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . ", "he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . ", "to call this film a lump of coal ", "it will stay with you ", "older ", "it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . ", "the punch lines that miss ", "of genuine insight into the urban heart ", "constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . ", "sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , ", "of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "to a t. ", "simply and eloquently ", "barely realize your mind is being blown . ", "an overcooked souffl\u00e9 ", ", viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . ", ", the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . ", "easy to make such a worthless film ", "to direct-to-video irrelevancy ", "less funny ", "magnificent directorial career ", "uncompromising , difficult ", "they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . ", "in formula crash-and-bash action ", "a sad and rote exercise ", ", this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . ", "a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock ", "crudely ", "makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ", "that 's what i liked about it ", "poignant lyricism ", "is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , ", "does n't make sense ", "jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . ", "through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ", "thoroughly engrossing ", "his way to becoming the american indian spike lee ", "is a pleasant enough dish ", "though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction ", "displays impeccable comic skill ", "enthralling documentary ", "is handsome ", "when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "a boring , pretentious muddle ", "family fun ", "generate enough heat ", "all the annals ", "an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema ", "it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . ", "sheds light ", "what 's most refreshing about real women have curves ", "like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . ", "brightly ", "thoughtful , subjective filmmaking ", "sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . ", "would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . ", "left slightly unfulfilled ", "this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . ", "a cinematic poem ", "similarly themed ", "will be two hours gained ", "whip-smart ", "swung me around ", "( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , ", "caliber cast ", "offers nothing ", "funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality ", "fairly run-of-the-mill . ", "just too silly ", "is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere ", "come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated ", "the thrills pop up frequently ", "deeply touching melodrama ", "trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . ", "more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- ", ", you might want to check it out ", "director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell ", "the-night ", "that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions ", "powerfully evocative mood ", "may not always work ", "is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it ", "confusing ", "visually breathtaking ", "both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . ", "increasingly incoherent ", "every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "so bland and ", "i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . ", "for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg ", "never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . ", "though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works ", "interesting and ", "be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 ", "a cleverly ", "is often exquisite ", "not as outrageous or funny ", "innovation ", "succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture ", "may not be pleased ", "relies on more than special effects ", "much of jonah simply , and gratefully , ", "... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . ", "a pasolini film without passion or politics ", "sustains ", "rewarded ", "would reach for a barf bag ", "the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree ", "complexity ", "their contrast ", "i like all four of the lead actors a lot and ", "hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , ", "come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy ", "the holes in this film ", "to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "loses all bite on the big screen ", "be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . ", "when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but ", "the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . ", "a collective heart attack ", "the problems with the film ", "is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters ", "not all of the stories work and the ones that do ", "awful sour taste ", "leaves him shooting blanks ", "playwriting 101 premise ", "michel piccoli 's moving performance ", "stale plot and pornographic way ", "walled-off ", "is n't very interesting ", "may well be the only one laughing at his own joke ", "the feat with aplomb ", "has a spirit that can not be denied ", "setting distracts ", "just bad ", "quite fun ", "one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . ", "a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . ", "a winning family story ", "almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and ", "eccentric , accident-prone characters ", "does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad ", "'s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ", ", why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? ", ") debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ", "reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . ", "'ll cry for your money back ", "action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ", "compelling allegory ", "'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . ", ", twisty yarn ", "a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time ", "pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity ", "storytellers ", "a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad ", "his usual intelligence and subtlety ", "an adventure story and history lesson all in one ", "crafted film ", "an amazing slapstick instrument ", "can feel the love . ", "deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . ", "irresistible , languid romanticism ", "the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . ", "incoherence ", "an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness ", "a poignant and gently humorous ", "its sweet time ", "a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time ", "carmen ( vega ) and ", "despite modest aspirations ", "watch , giggle and ", "horror/action hybrid ", "elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy ", "most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars ", "into the modern rut of narrative banality ", "had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce ", "get the same love story and parable ", "my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "the usual whoopee-cushion effort ", "acting -- more accurately , it 's moving ", "is uniformly superb ", "it arrives ", "the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... ", "more interested in entertaining itself ", "meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . ", "valiant ", "fascinate ", "we had to endure last summer ", "you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood ", "his fake backdrops ", "grand locations ", "insane liberties ", "plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . ", "delicious and delicately ", "negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . ", "utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", ", we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . ", "a witty , whimsical feature ", "telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug ", "more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with ", "hard to conceive anyone else in their roles ", "for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "improves upon the original hit movie ", "oscar-sweeping ", ", wannabe-hip crime comedy ", "the torments and angst ", "the wanton slipperiness ", "that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . ", "a reasonably good time with the salton sea ", "pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish ", "the excruciating end ", "it equals the original and in some ways even betters it ", ", obnoxious ", "wryly ", "affair , ", "deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . ", "one relentlessly depressing situation ", "a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . ", "like a sucker ", "submerged here , ", "pretentious mess . ", "ideas and wry comic mayhem ", "directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . ", "interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' ", "that there is no rest period , no timeout ", ", outrageous , ingenious ", "found this a remarkable and novel concept ", "a rather unique approach ", "suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance ", "too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice ", ", frida gets the job done . ", "so , i trust ", "worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . ", "` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . ' ", "aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice ", "in a sincere performance ", "'s both charming and ", "taking the easy hollywood road ", "an athlete , a movie star , ", "to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ", "on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . ", "it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . ", "will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . ", "fairly basic comedic constructs ", "the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting ", "absurd plot twists ", "one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , ", "be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors ", "phenomenal , especially ", "to be liberating ", "happens that tells you there is no sense ", "unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles ", "talented cast ", "mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . ", "pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", "which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche ", "undeniably fascinating and playful fellow ", "colors the picture in some evocative shades ", "pow ", "lose their luster ", "kids will love its fantasy and adventure ", "about a superficial midlife crisis ", "is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , ", "an energy to y tu mam\u00e1 tambi\u00e9n ", "it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . ", "this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass ", "the acting is just fine , but ", "too predictably ", "of the long list of renegade-cop tales ", "more repetition than creativity throughout the movie ", "neatly constructed thriller ", "beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . ", "insignificance ", "may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work ", "the suggested and the unknown ", "spiked by jolts of pop music ", "paranoid ", "visually masterful work ", "an 88-minute rip-off ", "a remarkably original work ", "alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , ", "no earthly reason ", "silly beyond comprehension ", "idiotic and ugly ", "genuine acting ", "a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . ", "lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable ", "nincompoop ", "dumb gags , anatomical humor , or ", "have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies ", "has never been smoother or more confident . ", "above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "message resonate ", "this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , ", "does n't have a passion for the material . ", "all the more remarkable because it ", "it turns out to be affected and boring ", "one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ", "berry 's saucy ", "is about as deep as that sentiment ", "have given it a one-star rating ", "does n't add up to a whole lot . ", "full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ", "as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly ", "the good fight ", "witless ", "wildlife ", "of useless actioners ", "no new friends ", "well told . ", "has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' ", "here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and ", "i found myself howling more than cringing ", "control-alt-delete ", "though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . ", "the thrills ", "a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy ", "his slop ", "this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant ", "the most awful acts are committed ", "should pay reparations to viewers ", "a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "quirky characters and an engaging story ", "clever and ", "was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way ", "film ' in the worst sense of the expression ", "the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but ", "is gratefully received ", "as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema ", "'s probably not accurate to call it a movie ", "is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . ", "combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . ", "combustible mixture ", "its objective portrait ", "hyper-realistic ", "because there is no foundation for it ", "elvira fans ", "dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ", "was lazy but enjoyable ", ", masterful ", "is , in a word , brilliant ", "every bit as filling as the treat of the title ", "stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . ", "a movie that keeps throwing fastballs ", "all too literally ", "sabotage ", "despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' ", "its disgusting source material ", "is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ", "illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey ", "predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "a true delight . ", "the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general ", "old story ", "than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ", "creative ", "spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch ", ", directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . ", "is to be mesmerised . ", "the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . ", "find a spark of its own ", "the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react ", "it 's an ambitious film , and ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , ", "winning ", "the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series ", "rigid ", "as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson ", "no big whoop , ", "could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "make love a joy to behold . ", "comfortably ", "genuine spontaneity ", "viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . ", "is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . ", "the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and ", "as his outstanding performance as bond in die ", "technically sophisticated in the worst way ", "if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . ", "surprisingly short of both adventure and song ", "ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , ", "sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron ", "glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . ", "a sense of dramatic urgency ", "exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza ", "set out to lampoon , anyway . ", "adventurous young talent ", "the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction ", "cussing ", "the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies ", "acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , ", "make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . ", "quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself ", "an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . ", "exuberant ", "trial movie ", "good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short ", "subject as monstrous ", "an enthralling aesthetic experience ", "without sacrificing the integrity of the opera ", ", eisenstein delivers . ", "caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . ", "beautiful , evocative ", "wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be ", "p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . ", "'m sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . ", "can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes ", "mushy , existential exploration ", "sundance festival ", "an unsympathetic hero ", "cho 's latest comic set ", "my two hours better watching ", ", the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . ", "accomplished ", "perform entertaining tricks ", "very talented ", "drown a viewer in boredom ", "a little better than sorcerer 's stone ", "the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials ", "which may be why it works as well as it does ", "out mediocre ", "really goes downhill . ", "adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say ", "skip the film and pick up the soundtrack ", "to inject farcical raunch ", "film festival ", "was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "a well-made pizza ", "by humanity 's greatest shame ", "going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend ", "more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . ", "the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness ", "happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? ", "lost on the target audience ", "and unoriginal mess ", "takes no apparent joy in making movies ", "put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario ", "in other words , it 's badder than bad . ", "that its intended audience has n't yet had much science ", "something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation ", "jovial ", "should get all five ", "deficit ", "has something fascinating to do ", "a good documentarian ", "ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . ", "it just is n't a very involving one ", "is tragically ", "sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . ", "most generic ", "about tattoos ", "tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun ", "has much to recommend it , ", "of virtually plotless meanderings ", "toss logic and science ", "'s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . ", "wo n't see the next six ", "sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ", "they grow up and you can wait till then ", "does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity ", "'s plenty to impress about e.t. ", ", emotionally honest ", "fuel our best achievements and other times ", "energetic and sweetly ", "for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem ", "is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . ", "as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us ", "of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away ", "that only self-aware neurotics engage in ", "leaves blue crush waterlogged ", "throughout this funny film ", "emotionally honest ", "another smash ", "original and highly cerebral examination ", "is also a creative urge ", "by then ", "a clever ", "a lighthearted glow ", "moving documentary ", "achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . ", "whose achievements -- and complexities -- ", "but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and ", "this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . ", "creates something more beautiful than either of those films ", "lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . ", "friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . ", "but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "while remaining true to his principles ", "thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . ", "widescreen photography ", "it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless ", "ugly-duckling ", "farcically bawdy fantasy ", "a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ", "marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks ", "a 60-second homage ", "excellent companion piece ", ", washington has a sure hand . ", "from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love . ", "the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment ", "caton-jones ", "a nicely understated expression ", "to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , ", "the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict . ", "seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense ", "a great team ", "makes him the film 's moral compass ", "which is worth seeing ", "force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover ", "show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "even the corniest ", "delicious and delicately funny look ", "to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting ", "sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but ", "make great marching bands ", "makes as much of a mess as this one ", "writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction ", "yes . ", "before indigestion sets ", "return to form for director peter bogdanovich ", "wild ride ", "viscerally exciting ", "uneven film ", "video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . ", "rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "including a knockout of a closing line ) ", "a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state ", "beloved-major ", ", imaginative ", "self-defeatingly decorous ", "expiration date ", "action-packed chiller ", "aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed ", "alternative housing options ", "the complex , politically charged tapestry ", "a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . ", "a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle ", "bottom-of-the-bill ", "full flush ", "'s the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . ", "the lousy tarantino imitations ", "the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy ", "there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys ", "filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ", "with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption ", "undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts ", "becomes instead a grating endurance test ", "that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "informative and breathtakingly spectacular ", "more of the same old garbage ", "prettiest ", "impersonal and ", "worthless ", "they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . ", "compelling story ", "as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks . ", "'s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . ", "expects something special but ", "a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but ", "flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson ", "short of true inspiration ", "not once does it come close to being exciting . ", "'s just grating ", "into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through ", ", crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . ", "the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin ", "the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . ", "vivacious ", "long gone ", "certain robustness ", "goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . ", "smartly and ", "for a painful ride ", "it 's too close to real life to make sense ", "celebrate ", "burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen ", "romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy ", "what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' ", "infuses the movie with much of its slender ", "of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes ", "like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner ", "to life in the performances ", "utterly delightful . ", "thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . ", "jumbled ", "parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into bu\u00f1uel 's casings ", "love and power ", "time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ", "a complete waste ", "sketches ... ", "mysterious , sensual ", "you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer ", "carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated ", "an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and ", "is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries ", "there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour ", "very original ", "a powerful performance ", "keep this ", "an incongruous summer playoff ", "loses its overall sense of mystery ", "party-hearty ", "pushes too hard ", "have a story and a script ", "a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . ", "rigid and ", "it 's definitely worth taking a look ", "pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons ", "rage ", "proceeds to flop ", "that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all ", "pleasantly and ", "something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ", "to merely bad rather than painfully awful ", "there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , ", "a disaster ", "lacking about everything ", ", this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . ", "is that her confidence in her material is merited . ", "populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people ", ", sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . ", "enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage ", "but they fascinate in their recklessness . ", "could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own ", "a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- ", "things really get weird , though not particularly scary ", "creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters ", "quirky , original ", "all the demographically appropriate comic buttons ", "the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez ", "thin notion ", "remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt ", "unrelentingly exploitative ", "completely forgettable ", "feel like running out screaming ", "very amusing ", "a non-stop funny feast ", "the new insomnia ", "has all the hallmarks of a movie ", "is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . ", "incompetent , ", "finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him ", ", this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . ", "the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , ", "is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . ", "... silly humbuggery ... ", "can say ", "lusty , boisterous and utterly charming ", "too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . ", "editorial process ", "overplayed and exaggerated ", "cumbersome ", "blown ", "there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . ", "it 's not bad prose ", "it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . ", "an interested detachment ", "life 's wonderment ", "-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- ", "will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . ", "pilot episode ", "forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s ", "feral and uncomfortable . ", "kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . ", "slightly less successful ", "does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness ", "italian freakshow ", "well acted by the four primary actors ", "windshield ", "of hard-bitten , cynical journalists ", "be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds ", "among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . ", "intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries ", "cliches and ", "keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats ", "forgiveness and love ", "is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . ", "this nervy oddity , like modern art ", "if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy ", "absolutely unnecessary ", "deft ", "richly detailed , deftly executed ", "a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . ", "increasingly diverse ", "tackled a meaty subject ", "appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond ", "poorly-constructed comedy ", "manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability ", "run-of-the-filth ", "detailed historical document ", "ridiculous and ", "good time ", "one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works ", "this very compelling tale ", "fast-paced and wonderfully edited ", "is no doubt true ", "win you over ", "remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck ", "action-adventure buffs ", "soars ", "milks drama when she should be building suspense ", "outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve ", "disturbing disregard ", "career-best performances ", "it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . ", "the story relevant in the first place ", "of academic skullduggery and politics ", "less funny than it should be and ", "is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ", "bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie ", "offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject ", "dull-witted and disquietingly ", "ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation ", "impressive and highly entertaining ", "truly awful ", "transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy ", "does the field no favors ", "horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . ", "... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . ", "amusing for a good while ", "like reading a research paper ", "is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us ", "a great script ", "idiotic ", "lasting impression ", "is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . ", "cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy ", "to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one ", "builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption ", "intriguing , provocative ", "imponderably stilted ", "disappointments i ", "long-faced sad sack ", "beaches ", "gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . ", "human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . ", "that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory ", "wafer-thin movie ", "the story 's pathetic ", "if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? '' ", "the perfect material ", ", laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . ", "tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot ", "devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , ", "dumplings ", "wonderfully vulgar ", "low comedy ", "really good ", "is instead a cheap clich\u00e9 ", "love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today ", "or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ", "mad ", "the worst titles ", "knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . ", "plus ", "he gives the story some soul ", "treasured ", "cleverly constructed scenario ", "rip off that we were aware of ", "any ", "the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . ", "1937 breakthrough ", "sub ", "born to make ", "vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world ", "too bad to be good ", "with guardian hack nick davies ", "the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject ", "very strong ", "its crack cast ", "written so well , ", "structured and well-realized ", "bring on the sequel . ", "fails at both endeavors ", "are oscar-size ", "dog ", "is a pretty good job , ", "seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , ", "bad luck and their own immaturity ", "who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up ", "feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ", "its solemn pretension ", "naturally funny ", "too weak a recipe ", "just because a walk to remember ", "he drags it back , single-handed . ", "an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total ", "muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble . ", "one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "fascinating , dark thriller ", "high-profile ", "the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . ", "gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . ", "believe that a life like this can sound so dull ", "run-of-the-mill singles blender ", "create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , ", "takes a fresh and absorbing look ", "bewilderingly brilliant and ", "remains oddly detached ", "might be with a large dose of painkillers ", "the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow ", "the biggest names in japanese anime , ", "relies less on forced air than on petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . ", ", vapid and devoid ", "lovely , sad dance ", "has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability ", "with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ", "'s a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . ", "explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . ", "that make williams sink into melancholia ", "is less about a superficial midlife crisis ", "gawky actor ", "is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . ", "anarchy ", "the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen ", "this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone ", "it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but ", "a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy ", "satisfyingly scarifying ", "courage and happiness ", "fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 ", "writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin ", "sumptuous ", "french shocker ", "overcome his personal obstacles and ", "stultifyingly obvious ", "though they are having so much fun ", "reasonably good time ", "a really special walk in the woods ", "i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and ", "metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . ", "for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while ", "while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . ", "it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . ", "sketchy ", "fine , nuanced lead performances ", "learn a good deal ", "compelling story to tell ", "liking showgirls ", "charismatic jackie chan ", "you can smell the grease on the plot ", "infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . ", "mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . ", "the survivors ", "other words , about as bad a film ", "be considered career-best performances ", "the movie is amateurish , but ", "deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities ", "an ambitious movie ", "the stunt-hungry dimwits ", "'s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . ", "complaining ", "static set ups , ", "monstrous ", "winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars ", "most savagely hilarious ", "listless sci-fi comedy ", "losing his touch ", "when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned ", "polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . ", "elegant and ", "own ambitious goals ", "opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention ", "most magical and ", "manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . ", "e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . ", "the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . ", "by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ", "weirdly beautiful place ", "supremely hopeful cautionary tale ", "the best espionage picture ", "runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours ", "would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "this is one summer film that satisfies ", "hard time ", "you 've got a huge mess ", "miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity ", "coming apart at its seams ", "wise and deadpan ", "gaining most of its unsettling force ", "` amateur ' in almost every frame ", "a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . ", "lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor ", "original talent ", "low-budget affair ", "that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "this movie 's got it ", "rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright ", "clear-cut hero ", "sexy and romantic . ", "showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches ", "make us share their enthusiasm ", "isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . ", "an off-beat and fanciful film ", "asian neo-realist treasure . ", "easy jokes and insults ", "follows its standard formula in this animated adventure ", "hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness ", "from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing ", "is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies ", "compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity ", "an enjoyably ", "smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . ", "putrid it is not worth ", "shameless self-caricature ", "genuinely sweet ", "a brazenly misguided project ", "done his homework ", "stupid and annoying ", "is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable ", "that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", "as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films ", "gets sillier , not scarier , ", "the best of a growing strain of daring films ", "me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters ", "badly edited , 91-minute trailer ", "does n't even seem like she tried ", "freddy gets molested by a dog ", "around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . ", "black urban professionals ", "of ` laugh therapy ' ", "technically proficient and ", "director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy . ", "satisfyingly ", "while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . ", "a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year ", "all awkward , static ", "are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . ", "watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ", "the movie is a desperate miscalculation . ", "glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior ", "from the people laughing in the crowd ", "the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue ", "the qualities ", "charmless witch ", "fantasy and adventure ", "visionary ", "awfully ", "but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : ", "held my attention ", "has a real filmmaker 's eye . ", "an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth ", "have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ", "schindler 's ", "is visually smart , cleverly written ", "assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation ", "i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . ", "ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful ", "comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life ", "wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination ", "rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek ", "kinetically-charged spy flick worthy ", "filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two ", "is unconvincing ", "a sly female empowerment movie , ", "'s hard to resist his enthusiasm ", "to be really awful ", "sprung from such a great one ", "the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role ", "has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and ", "is nothing short of refreshing ", "straight to video ", "argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works ", "the delete key ", "an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , ", "with good intentions ", "his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting ", ", mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . ", ", and motorcycles ", "also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults ", "too eager to please ", "surprisingly juvenile ", "the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered ", "viewers out in the cold ", "infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . ", "believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid ", "say you were n't warned ", "we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . ", "his sweetness and vulnerability ", "the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but ", "the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination ", "exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . ", "of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "only so much baked cardboard ", "the film has a lot of charm . ", "had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , ", "is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ", "is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . ", "evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction ", "a confusing melange of tones and styles , ", ", but your ego ", "william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "but what is missing from it all is a moral . ", "i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , ", "downright movie penance ", "you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride ", "it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . ", "best possible ", "on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work ", "whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance ", "he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "a classy , sprightly spin on film ", "... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh ", "gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection ", "the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line ", "it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . ", "bitter nor sweet ", "fumbled ", "cloying messages ", "a remarkable piece of filmmaking ", "irredeemably awful ", "moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp ", "jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . ", "in such a potentially sudsy set-up ", "i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . ", "threefold expansion ", "fantasy pablum ", "some cute moments , funny scenes , ", "is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable ", "a plot that 's just too boring and obvious ", "with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "dumb fart ", "deep deceptions ", "best of all ", "terminally bland , painfully slow and ", "shameful ", "self-consciously arty ", "mediterranean sparkles ", "above most of its ilk ", "circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . ", "this mess ", "( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . ", "love a joy to behold ", "over-blown drama ", "pulse ", "queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame ", "warmth , wit and interesting characters ", "the film for anyone ", "cast and surehanded direction ", "a casual intelligence that permeates the script ", "the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . ", "about the filmmaker 's characteristic style ", "importance ", "of the ultimate scorsese film ", "ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "visually engrossing ", "low-budget ", "with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . ", "available ", "technically superb ", "with wisdom and emotion ", "another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' ", "the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline ", "pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . ", "both heartbreaking and heartwarming ", "chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . ", "relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . ", "seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed ", "spot ", "this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . ", "'d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year ", "moved ", "one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . ", "intolerant ", "mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . ", "seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "consummate ", "it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . ", "to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food ", "follow-your-dream ", "is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ", "just a string ", "most pleasurable expressions ", "scope and ", "none of them memorable ", "is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially ", "are neither original nor are presented in convincing way ", "an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty ", "its old-hat set-up and ", "your interest , your imagination , your empathy ", "unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema ", "is masterly ", "great one ", "the credit for the film 's winning tone ", ", indie trick ", ", you 're desperate for the evening to end . ", "tv ", "the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent ", "best movie work ", "is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . ", "thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry ", "laughing at his own joke ", ", truly bad ", "scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters graced with its company . ", "'s quite fun in places . ", "there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . ", "of the austin powers films ", "is tuned in to its community . ", "ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up . ", "makes a better short story than it does a film ", "incinerates frank capra 's classic ", "see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music ", "one of his most daring , and complicated , performances ", "detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ", "a technically superb film , ", "lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . ", "ideal casting ", "this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen ", "taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ", "becomes compulsively watchable ", ", sylvie testud is icily brilliant . ", "is pure punk existentialism ", "for its sheer audacity and openness ", "to big box office bucks all but guaranteed ", "in crisis ", "will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . ", "bombshell ", "the subtle direction ", "innocent , childlike and inherently funny ", "cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack ", "because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before . ", "two fine actors ", "of high art ", "allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ", "than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "overall feelings , broader ideas ", "supporting ", "wholly ", "with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . ", "maudlin ending ", "ethics ", "is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . ", "is engage an audience ", "most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . ", "hollywood comedies such as father of the bride ", "high-octane ", "the high standards of performance ", "enter and accept another world ", "their incessant whining ", "the movie tries to make sense of its title character ", "( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , ", "know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . ", "is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . ", "the problem with wendigo ", "has a pleasing way with a metaphor ", "the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time ", "these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective ", "quite tasteful to look at ", "no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy ", "to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ", "you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . ", "marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending ", "the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact ", "one splendidly cast pair ", "wore ", "is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live ", "fairly slow ", "its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes ", "covered earlier and much better ", "ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor ", "captivates as it ", "some decent performances ", "necessary and timely one ", "insightfully ", "ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . ", "the nerve to speak up ", "horrifyingly , ever ", "expressing itself in every way imaginable ", "is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be ", "the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . ", "know a star ", "the perkiness of witherspoon ", "at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting ", "of extravagant ", "quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers . ", "a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . ", "that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement ", "is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ", "crime expertly ", "which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . ", "colorful ", "vivid performances ", "as darkly funny , ", "to be somebody , and ", "the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies . ", "bland , surfacey ", "convincing intelligence ", "more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn ", "a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . ", "absolutely not . ", "makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) ", "poor editing ", "far funnier ", "that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll ", "see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ", "uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization ", "car chase ", "about 25 minutes of decent material ", ", it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . ", "two hours of junk ", "there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one ", "stirs us as well ", "inuit masterpiece ", "justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival ", "humanistic ", "weaving a theme ", "vivid imagination ", "in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ", "seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one . ", "skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . ", "good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace ", "beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen ", "by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . ", "dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost ", "eloquently ", "playfully ", "penetrating , ", "one of the best ", "writer-director david jacobson and ", "in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was ", "hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie ", "unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . ", "an often intense character study ", "the small moments ", "guilty about it ", "time out ", "just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career ", "'' wanted and quite honestly ", "what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades ", "it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; ", "move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . ", "debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner ", "is a deeply unpleasant experience . ", "is hardly a masterpiece ", "best inside-show-biz ", "neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present ", "wholly unconvincing ", "could use a little more humanity , ", "with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ? ", "a taut , sobering film ", "strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . ", "fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat ", "impossibly ", "the cinematic equivalent ", "familiar and predictable ", "the park ", "hollywood expects people to pay to see it ", "uncomfortably timely , relevant , ", "what ?!? ", "is n't much better . ", "is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence ", "as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ", "big screen magic ", "is one of the year 's best ", "at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' ", "exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . ", "seem like such a bore ", "cho 's previous concert comedy film ", "a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance ", ", is funny and looks professional . ", "astoundingly rich film ", "clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "visual gags ", "why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "this facetious smirk ", "sound so dull ", "mindless pace ", "pitiful ", "is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . ", "family ", "tainted ", "genial and ", "please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and ", "as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "bad animation ", ", ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . "], "label": [1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1]}
{"sentence": ["an idea of expectation ", "see it . ", "interesting enough ", "somewhat less than it might have been ", "neo-augustinian theology : is god ", "life affirming ' ", "is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes ", "one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists ", "caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . ", "grinning ", "with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived ", "a new , self-deprecating level ", "an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people ", "is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , ", "is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . ", "tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing ", "is a treat . ", "as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . ", "to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity ", "one carried by a strong sense of humanism ", "forgettable effort ", "tribute ", "imperfect ? ", "characteristically engorged and ", "pushed to their most virtuous limits , ", "is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions ", "knowledge , education , and ", "is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . ", "graced ", "while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . ", "is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone ", "you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri ", "savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle ", "taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff ", "tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy ", "a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made ", "lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success ", "not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . ", "becoming ", "a bravura performance ", "of emotional blandness ", "this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one ", "if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : ", "aggravating and tedious . ", "the ethereal beauty ", "than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ", "to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting ", "its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances ", "`` goddammit ", "an obvious copy ", "with little visible talent and no energy ", "a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places ", "fascinating documentary ", "sex gags and prom dates ", "easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros ", "is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , ", "that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ", "a real human soul ", "with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns ", "of good stuff ", "again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone ", "if pointless excursion ", "exceptionally ", "so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess ", "ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon ", "what a thrill ride ", "has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . ", "intelligent and deeply ", "make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom ", "to just die already ", "showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings ", "give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood ", "it ends up falling short as a whole ", "is a good and ambitious film ", "a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets ", "be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters ", "how to win the battle ", "skip it ", "mired in tear-drenched quicksand ", "even as it points out how inseparable the two are ", "a stand in favor of tradition and warmth ", "it 's sort of in-between ", "once playful and haunting ", "snoozer . ", "none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , ", "are so overstated ", "goofy , life-affirming moments ", "rare depth ", "is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . ", "sounding ", "turned down ", "many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit ", "is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . ", "it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . ", "seen to better advantage on cable ", ", noisy and pretentious ", "the glorious chicanery and self-delusion ", "visual appeal ", "oddly detached ", "ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "crippled ", ", this is even better than the fellowship . ", "a unique culture ", "one of my greatest pictures , drunken master ", "it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . ", "a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this ", "and , in the end , not well enough ", "seems contrived and secondhand ", "the last days ", "hoary dialogue , ", "wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "its many excesses ", "dreadful ", "a deficit of flim-flam ", "its director 's cut glory ", "runs out of ideas ", "instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza ", "an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart ", "the charm of the first movie ", "a listless climb ", "damn ", "of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters ", "an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending ", "tried-and-true ", "further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . ", "of a beautifully sung holiday carol ", "play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking ", "weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . ", "is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why ", "quite able ", "a disastrous ending ", "close to being exciting ", "because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope ", "dimming ", "extremely talented ", "acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . ", "witty dialog between realistic characters ", "the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but ", "to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived ", "mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- ", "a canny crowd pleaser ", "building to a laugh riot ", "captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe ", "something as splendid-looking as this particular film ", "incapable of being boring ", "an acting bond ", "a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . ", "deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . ", "it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and ", "orgasm ", "the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . ", "the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . ", "the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all ", "to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "holds a certain charm ", "- as-nasty - ", "see the attraction for the sole reason ", "watch , giggle and get ", "'s a very very strong `` b + ", "'s got the brawn , but not the brains ", "daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story ", "to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter ", "is strictly routine . ", "unsympathetic hero ", "dramatic urgency ", "emotionally bruised characters ", "infidelity and ", "as a workable primer for the region 's recent history ", "there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , ", "slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . ", "unexpected heights ", "has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . ", "like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . ", "more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal ", "a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . ", "about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher ", "a great monster movie ", "solid , satisfying fare ", "it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture . ", "to enjoy good trash every now and then ", "an inept , tedious spoof ", "flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace ", "very little story or character ", ", hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . ", "with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel ", "is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied . ", "that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy ", "decomposition ", "wal-mart checkout line ", "are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents ", "two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up ", "a visionary ", "flawless amounts ", "will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ", "switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s ", "relentlessly nasty situations ", "affection for its characters ", "just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you ", "losin ' ", "it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . ", "listless , witless , and devoid of anything ", "is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out ", "any stylish sizzle ", "the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed ", "to serve the work especially well ", "will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess ", "hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . ", "technically proficient and without the pop-up comments ", "for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but ", "wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon ", "petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script ", "a gentle film ", "a lack of clarity and audacity ", "'s a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions ", "deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . ", "has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ", "wisely ", "with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller ", "inexpressive ", "the large cast is solid ", "delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them ", "bogs down in rhetoric and clich\u00e9 ", "if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off ", "a one-of-a-kind tour de force ", "fine , focused ", "gentle , lapping rhythms ", "the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . ", "the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and ", "familiar and tired ", "fall dreadfully short . ", "a blip ", "exploiting it yourself ", "an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . ", "even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film ", "directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue ", "really work ", "eyes ", ", genuine ", "hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out ", "among the studio 's animated classics ", "romp that 's always fun to watch . ", "a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book ", "a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . ", "so you can get your money back ", "that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september ", "fused with their humor ", "after several scenes of this tacky nonsense ", "this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . ", "top billing ", "in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "purdy ", "sealed in a jar ", "a dreadful day ", "is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . ", "too overdone ", "insistent and repetitive ", "'s full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s ", "the worst possibilities of mankind ", "a very distinctive sensibility ", "winning and wildly fascinating ", "a beautiful film , ", "stirring , ", "successful ", "limited by its short running time ", "trusts the story it sets out to tell ", "did n't smile ", "will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever ", "are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . ", "unfunny one ", "in the pile of useless actioners ", "on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... ", "are enthralling ", "the process comes out looking like something wholly original ", "felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them ", "of softheaded metaphysical claptrap ", "is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , ", "spirited ", "like schindler 's list ", ", soap opera-ish dialogue ", "told in scattered fashion ", "is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . ", "blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ", "nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . ", "yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , ", "asks the right questions ", "are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . ", "no business going ", "'s good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again ", "this charming but slight tale ", "might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? ", "a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll ", "from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 ", "through this film ", "who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "childlike dimness ", "less than ", ", a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "attempts , in vain ", "would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated ", "end up laughing ", ", the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . ", "fragmented film ", "his lack of faith in his audience ", "plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting ", "rises above superficiality . ", "very depressing ", "the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . ", "is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype ", "should not be missed ", "a long , dull procession of despair ", "that sends you out of the theater feeling ", "swallow thanks to remarkable performances ", "undeniably fascinating and playful ", "boring and meandering . ", "a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and ", "in a class by itself ", "has been made with an enormous amount of affection ", "come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . ", "( and its palate ) ", "what 's so striking about jolie 's performance ", "falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' ", "undercut ", "for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films ", ", and of the thousands thereafter ", "originality , humor and pathos ", "make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . ", "by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness ", "creative belly laughs ", "the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . ", "a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", "perry 's good and his is an interesting character , ", "wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships ", "is disposable ", "something both ugly and mindless ", "the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . ", "is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors ", "puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . ", "sets a new benchmark for lameness . ", "the wonderful cinematography ", "repetitive ", "should be punishable by chainsaw ", "a phlegmatic bore ", "budding amours ", "it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . ", "not easily and , in the end , not well enough ", "nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight ", "of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ", "more successful ", "joyous documentary . ", "can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included ", "exploitative ", "a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt ", "never lacks in eye-popping visuals ", "grittily beautiful ", "burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "are odd and pixilated ", "in its sparkling beauty ", "a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey ", "it 's loud and boring ", "feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time ", "that 's good ", "one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ", "pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year ", "new best friend '' ", "a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence ", "to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ", "a strong education and ", "an interesting bit of speculation ", "could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking ", "as the film has some of the best special effects ever ", "a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- ", "tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances ", "in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario ", "the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ", "a spiritual aspect ", "littered with celluloid garbage ", "a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire ", "comes to life in the performances . ", "just about the surest bet ", "prolonged and boring ", "competent performers from movies , television and the theater ", "die-hard french film connoisseurs ", "spontaneous ", "prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", ", low-wattage ", "a distinct rarity , and ", "it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . ", "horrifying ", "spontaneity in its execution and ", "happy listening to movies ", "should scare any sane person away . ", "washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty ", "extremely thorough ", "tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . ", "we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . ", "naturalistic ", "up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars ", "career ", "hideously twisted ", "concrete story ", "a trifle ", "the engaging , ", "the miniseries ", "equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . ", "loved the look of this film ", "an inexplicable nightmare , ", "below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . ", "this film should not be missed . ", "uncompromising artists trying to create something original ", "winningly ", "enjoys ", ", but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . ", "by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ", "$ 1.8 million charmer ", "goofiness ", "otherwise good-naturedness ", "as well as it does because of the performances ", "see some interesting storytelling devices ", "is completely lacking in charm and charisma ", "an unprecedented tragedy ", "koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . ", "with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , h\u00e9l\u00e8ne angel is definitely a director to watch . ", "'s actually watchable ", "rather dull , unimaginative ", "a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . ", "can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . ", "balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents ", "a wartime farce in the alternately comic and ", "deflated ", "liberating ability ", "sensuality and a conniving wit ", "is so bad ", "skip the film and ", "laughing in the crowd ", "in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . ", "dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ", "appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking ", "the evocative imagery and ", "the characters are so generic ", "'s cliche to call the film ` refreshing ", "for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her ", "there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . ", "has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . ", "intimate and ", "a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it ", "'s pretty linear and only makeup-deep ", "a spielberg trademark ", "spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics ", "puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . ", "they so heartwarmingly motivate ", "louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , ", "it has plenty of laughs . ", "energy it 's documenting ", "its intended audience -- children -- ", "'s mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable ", "it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home ", "it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something ", "a particularly amateurish episode ", "situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets ", "always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ", "of parental failings ", "elegant work ", "does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago ", "a creative urge ", "is so slight ", "give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) ", "buy the soundtrack ", ", `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . ", "ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling ", "feels derivative ", "what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . ", "ultimately flawed ", "a selection of scenes in search of a movie ", "it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . ", "how i killed my father compelling ", "stands out from the pack ", "hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny ", "lacks a strong narrative ", "just that it 's so not-at-all-good ", "of cinematic perfection ", "wonderful fencing scenes ", "ca n't save it ", "is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . ", "a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg ", "as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . ", "tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "a more credible script , though ", "their own immaturity ", "the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack ", "funny and wise ", "there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . ", "poignant and gently humorous ", "but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner ", "wanders ", "unblinkingly pure as the hours ", "the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate ", "overflows with wisdom and emotion ", "absolute delight ", "most third-rate horror sequels ", "resembling humor ", "the top of their lungs ", ", but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons ", "becomes a tiresome clich\u00e9 ", "a pretty funny movie , ", "at three hours and with very little story or character development ", ", poorly structured ", "goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle ", "fan ", "an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . ", "a ' list cast ", "long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short ", ", this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . ", "heedless ", "has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ", "will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act ", "is spooky and subtly in love with myth ", "nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness ", "although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro ", "school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining ", "a low-rent retread of the alien ", "but boilerplate clich\u00e9s ", "brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , ", "is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable ", "stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain ", "coma-like state ", "semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet ", "a little-remembered world ", "with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film ", "utterly static picture ", "as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . ", "value and respect ", "humor and technological finish ", "delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph ", "its hero ", "is truly gorgeous ", "'s stylishly directed with verve ... ", "you can do no wrong with jason x. ", "spontaneity in its execution ", "a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes ", "sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but ", "mixed up together like a term paper ", "has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . ", "this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . ", "glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . ", "will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter ", "for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . ", "shrewd enough ", "a sick , twisted sort of way ", "cable channel ", "characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity ", "dark to be decipherable ", "that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated ", ", comedy and romance ", "an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship ", "desperately needed ", "historical truth and realism ", "which fails to rise above its disgusting source material ", "when it is n't merely offensive ", "remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout ", "least favorite emotions ", "its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors ", "against the maker 's minimalist intent ", "the finest ", "a well paced and satisfying little drama ", "anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed ", "in other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study . ", "so downbeat and nearly humorless ", "as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , ", "plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . ", "( than leon ) ", "expressionistic license ", "paints - of a culture in conflict with itself ", "youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness ", "rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . ", "its excellent storytelling , its economical ", "is smarter and subtler ", "revealing nothing ", "is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . ", "some delightful work ", "rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . ", "its delightful cast ", "their way around this movie directionless , ", ", refreshingly , ", "pungent bite ", "an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love ", "can seem tiresomely simpleminded . ", "it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . ", "the nourishing aspects of love and companionship ", "frightening and compelling ", "highly uneven and inconsistent ... ", "whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . ", "two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ", "passionate heart ", "the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . ", "resonance ", "with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers ", "take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . ", "the girls ' amusing personalities ", "a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ", "satisfyingly unsettling ", "a weird , arresting little ride ", "max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished ", "of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers ", "i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . ", "are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , ", "underconfident ", "any reasonably creative eighth-grader ", "of dramatic enlightenment ", "a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . ", "ultimate demise ", "for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . ", "is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful ", "captures the raw comic energy of one ", "can overcome bad hair design ", "drunken driver ", "crushed ", "cult classic ", "to being exciting ", "ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction ", "as a well-made evocation ", "extraordinary debut ", ", the film does pack some serious suspense . ", "thoroughly dull ", "each story is built on a potentially interesting idea ", "takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . ", "all-too-familiar ", "out of character and logically porous action set ", "do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role ", "keen eye , sweet spirit ", "into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem ", "the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . ", "beginnings ", "it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . ", "wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder ", "this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ", "the bad sound , ", "a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director ", "yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective ", "unfocused , excruciatingly tedious ", "kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit ", ": the widowmaker is a great yarn . ", "in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers ", "all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency ", "the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . ", "have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . ", "manic and energetic ", "got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out ", "may be the performances of their careers ", "dancing ", "an original bone ", "delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario ", "into the structure of relationships ", "it might just be the movie you 're looking for . ", "that you root for throughout ", "companion piece ", "there 's no conversion effort ", "uninvolving ", "to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy ", "reality-snubbing ", "in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers ", "plenty of nudity ", "take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "some of the back-story is a little tired ", "though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and ", "gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels ", "are alternately touching and funny ", "cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "through this mess ", "damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) . ", "constantly touching , surprisingly funny , ", "thoughtful and rewarding glimpse ", "takes big bloody chomps out of it ", "you feel guilty about it ", "pack your knitting needles ", "being trapped at a bad rock concert ", "great cinema ", "that 's 86 minutes too long ", "more grueling and time-consuming ", "an unbalanced mixture ", "left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose ", "old-fashioned , occasionally charming and ", ", shrek ) ", ", the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . ", "a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt ", "me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . ", "'re just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two ", "what makes the movie special ", "those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party ", "as refreshing ", "dreary and overwrought ", "will assuredly ", "do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? ", "secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . ", "watch your merchant ivory productions ", "was a better film ", "sight gags ", "the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate ", "the sensational true-crime ", "avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "a bad blend ", "limp eddie murphy ", "a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism ", "family togetherness ", "round out the square edges . ", "successful one ", "this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . ", "ultimate imax trip ", "constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey ", "looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise ", "trailer-trash ", "easy feel-good sentiments ", "'s petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars ", "far more witty ", "please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . ", "from the guy-in-a-dress genre ", "vapid and ", "is extraordinarily good . ", "straightforward and ", "basic flaws ", "peril ", "phrase ` fatal script error ", "amazing ", "floating narrative ", "3000 ", "the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years ", "is technically sophisticated in the worst way ", "is appealing ", ", the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . ", "address his own world war ii experience in his signature style ", "your nose ", "wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars ", "these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ", "miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . ", "will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . ", "releasing ", "'s attracting audiences to unfaithful ", "that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book ", "boring , pretentious ", "pretty well ", "are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . ", "the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . ", "it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress ", "it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers ", "every bit as distinctive ", "its namesake proud ", "disappointingly thin slice ", "is an amicable endeavor . ", "this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . ", "secondhand material ", "it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half ", "just like a splendid meal ", "an entertaining documentary ", "grossly contradictory ", "able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . ", "a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness ", "is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . ", "better effects , ", "gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . ", "realize there 's no place for this story to go but down ", "a more measured or polished production ", "befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject ", "has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . ", "seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject ", "a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . ", "its empty head ", "a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ", "liveliness ", "succeeds in entertaining ", "a properly spooky film about the power of spirits ", "they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . ", "nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . ", "cool ", "taylor 's cartoonish performance ", "come up with an original idea for a teen movie ", "go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ", "bold choices ", "the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but ", "is too insistent ", "a fairly enjoyable mixture ", "loved on first sight and , even more important ", "there 's an energy to y tu mam\u00e1 tambi\u00e9n . ", "a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort ", "one feels cheated ", "care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor ", "terrific job ", "highly entertaining ", "lack-of-attention ", "by bad luck and their own immaturity ", "a masterpiece ", "misfire that even tunney ca n't save ", "about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get ", "sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own ", "the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "is smart and entirely charming ", "at your neighbor 's garage sale ", "88-minute rip-off ", "'s exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . ", "like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . ", "that was written down ", "a lingering creepiness one ", "ballsy ", "undisputed scores a direct hit . ", "small in scope , yet perfectly formed ", "the payoff ", "co-writer/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . ", "a bad run in the market or a costly divorce ", "we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport ", "his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic ", "dullard ", "drama that takes itself all too seriously ", "spirit is a visual treat , ", "deft and subtle poetry ", "charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible ", "relying on the viewer to do most of the work ", "also has humor and heart and very talented young actors ", "about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh ", "unlikable , uninteresting ", "is a lumbering load of hokum but ", "a major director ", "cellophane-pop remake ", "guilty-pleasure ", "by the sick sense of humor ", "appalling , ", "on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee ", ", why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? ", "the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness ", "cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' ", "the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . ", "by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' ", "if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . ", "no substitute for on-screen chemistry ", "an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "dignified ceo ", "an inelegant combination ", "the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal ", "'s one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen ", "the script has less spice than a rat burger and ", "but it was n't horrible either . ", "be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "is a gory slash-fest ", "anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clich\u00e9s to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . ", "dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . ", "except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ", "surprising highs ", "fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . ", "winning comedy ", "ponderous and pretentious endeavor ", "riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "achieves a level of connection and concern ", "chance to shine ", "continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision ", "at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar ", "this dream hispanic role ", "is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . ", "one of the great minds of our times ", ", yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . ", "be a passable date film ", "to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and ", "oozing , chilling and heart-warming ", "indecent ", "that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain ", "volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ", "improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen ", "is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters ", "squirming in their seats ", "time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . ", "indie of the year , so far ", "some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results ", "as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game ", "to the point of distraction ", "confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece ", "all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . ", "steve martin ", "'s denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism ", "the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , ", "designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it ", "large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . ", "the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes ", "sentimental script ", "'d do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ", "tick-tock pacing ", "founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . ", "'ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back ", "engaging manner and flamboyant style ", "whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . ", "a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . ", "formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter ", "pleasant enough -- and ", "forget that they are actually movie folk ", "is a tale worth catching ", "altered ", "seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "paper-thin and ", "real masterpiece ", "some very good comedic songs , ", "pure misogynist evil ", "a story already overladen with plot conceits ", "you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . ", "are committed ", "the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . ", "a creepy , intermittently powerful study ", "to investigate ", "'s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "suspense , intriguing characters ", "that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "so-called ` comedy ' ", "masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' ", "the first part making up for any flaws that come later ", "new ", "good natured ", "is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens ", "one of the best ensemble casts of the year ", "is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "queasy-stomached ", "it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . ", "mournful ", ", though goofy and lurid , ", "ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) ", "has a nearly terminal case of the cutes ", "runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem ", "excellent ", "the gags are often a stitch . ", "serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context ", "the biggest problem i have ", "deeper and more engaging . ", "quiet , introspective and entertaining ", ", great to look at , and funny ", "create something original ", "imaginative kid 's movie ", "have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination ", "'s also somewhat clumsy . ", "is like reading a research paper ", "in the service of the lovers who inhabit it ", "is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . ", "no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . ", "all end in someone screaming ", "an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent ", "a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted ", "skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience . ", "little-known perspective ", "damn weird ", "is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten ", "( sci-fi ) rehash ", "is n't quite ", "a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher ", "noteworthy characters ", "the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art ", "too indulgent ", "see who can out-bad-act the other ", "entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal ", "barely interesting ", "a disquieting and thought-provoking film ", ", the satire is weak . ", "creative action ", "there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . ", "'' admirably ", "so much passion ", "made to look bad ", "this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part ", "the qualities that made the first film so special ", "funny fanatics ", "lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan ", "bean drops the ball too many times ", "allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ", "obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered ", "thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ", "... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . ", "lacks the detail of the book ", "scripted ", "hide its contrivances ", "to cheesier to cheesiest ", "like a great missed opportunity ", "casts attractive and talented actors ", "comic energy ", "adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . ", "always hilarious ", "the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess . ", "situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . ", "the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history ", "interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions ", "does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture ", "wickedly funny , visually engrossing ", "a classic ", "-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . ", "the plot seems a bit on the skinny side ", "whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "a film that suffers because of its many excesses . ", "terrorism ", "is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons ", "does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain ", ", evocative ", "handsomely produced ", "this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family ", "notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . ", "conventional but heartwarming tale ", "a wickedly undramatic central theme ", "if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . ", "some charm and heart ", "there are some laughs in this movie , ", "`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . ", "could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent ", "considerable aplomb ", "so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type ", "is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself ", ", the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . ", "a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' ", "in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties ", "the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational ", "rare movie ", "a corny examination ", "before but never so vividly ", "directed but terminally cute drama . ", "'d rather watch them on the animal planet ", "artless sytle ", "sparse ", "sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and ", "moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . ", "a thoughtful movie , ", "the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . ", "a crowd-pleaser , but then ", "with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions ", "sense-of-humour ", "a solid movie ", "pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde ", "laugh-a-minute ", "japanese epic ", ", the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . ", "if tragic ) ", "masochism ", "deceit and murder ", "are so believable that you feel what they feel ", "a terrific performance ", "the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . ", "extremely bad ", "of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade ", "photographed and beautifully recorded . ", "as the synergistic impulse that created it ", "george orwell turning over ", "mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense ", "dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . ", "like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , ", "the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling ", "delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ", "breathes life ", "a giddy and provocative sexual ", "warm , inviting ", "'s definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter ", "were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor ", "clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ", "this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "socially encompassing ", "good , hard-edged stuff ", "collision ", "insults ", "who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ", "a buoyant , expressive flow ", "a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and ", "is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . ", "a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably ", "brainless ", "for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull ", "bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . ", "i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . ", "suffers from a flat script and a low budget ", "had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "funny film ", "very well ", "a shrewd and effective film ", "a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . ", "has created a beautiful canvas ", "the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece ", "certainly not without merit ", "something purer ", "make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie . ", "magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death ", "of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel ", "visually striking and ", "nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . ", "check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on . ", "a colorful , joyous celebration ", "a pleasing verisimilitude ", "that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title ", "brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons ", "'s unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . ", "that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "a dream image ", "can open the door to liberation . ", "energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage ", "sad but ", "could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . ", "it 's one long bore . ", "hackneyed and meanspirited ", ", self-assured ", "under cars ", "an odd show , pregnant with moods , ", "a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . ", "what the hell was coming next ", "ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold ", "a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ", "infrequently breathtaking ", "weighted down ", "heard before ", "nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . ", "created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores ", "neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . ", "a glass of flat champagne ", "much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice . ", "adam sandler ", "parents beware ; ", "there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ", "fantastically ", "like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough ", "a surprisingly sensitive script co-written ", "totally lacking ", "a generous , inspiring film ", "of that delicate canon ", "an unflinching look ", "the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . ", "is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . ", ", provocative and vainglorious ", "borscht ", "for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "energy and wit ", "the evocative imagery ", "will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long ", "all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . ", "chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror ", "a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema ", "it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . ", "communicate the truth of the world ", ", its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . ", "jagger , stoppard and ", "wonderful creatures ", "a stale , overused cocktail ", "crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment ", "the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving ", "is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . ", "happily ", "the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . ", "manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "tinny self-righteousness ", "on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people ", "languishing ", "stimulating and demanding ", "( a ) satisfying niblet . ", "perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . ", "reaching the comic heights it obviously desired ", "marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . ", "elegant ", "that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot ", "superb performance ", "his body ", "share it ", "michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , ", "a derivative collection ", "best work ", "a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle ", "the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film ", ", brilliant and macabre ", "existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god ", "pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators ", "too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes ", "retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode ", "who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . ", "attack ", "feel contradictory things ", "well-made ", "pretty much self-centered ", "acting horribly ", "plot conceits ", "wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . ", "a visually masterful work of quiet power ", "turn away from one ", "grossest ", "a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , ", "of dead-end distaste ", "simple in form but rich with human events ", "it holds itself ", "ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over . ", "greatest date movies ", "a little more humanity ", "an emotionally strong and politically potent piece ", "it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy ", "tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "make for some robust and scary entertainment . ", "the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . ", "pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . ", "discursive but oddly riveting documentary . ", "vanity project ", "cuter ", "photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces ", "calculating fiend ", "about the folly of superficiality that is itself ", "despicable ", "tedious ", "has actually bothered to construct a real story this time ", "but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences ", "that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema ", "viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout . ", "bottom-of-the-bill fare ", "without thrills and a mystery devoid ", "that 's superficial and unrealized ", "susan sarandon ", "dabbles all around ", "if ( jaglom 's ) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . ", "well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . ", "was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? ", "clich\u00e9s ", "starts off witty and sophisticated and you ", "compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "makes it worth checking out at theaters ", "stale gags ", "you to scratch a hole in your head ", "like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long ", "while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . ", "painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "acting that could be any flatter ", "sandler is losing his touch ", "imbued with passion and attitude . ", "animation master ", "see a movie with its heart ", "astonishing ", "an intimate contemplation ", "full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing ", "all arty and jazzy ", "bleak ", "as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . ", "though writer/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . ", "a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . ", "an ill-conceived ", "compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering ", "ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man ", "feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life ", "a little more special ", "as a reverie about memory and regret ", "the film becomes predictably conventional . ", "in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget ", "elevated by michael caine 's performance ", "'m actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it ", "are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) ", "help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation ", "take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . ", "shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ", "pushed into the margins ", "wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama ", "a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it ", "comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature ", "many bona fide groaners ", "this is no `` waterboy ! '' ", "is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals ", "if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . ", "with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing ", "a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized ", "quirky movie to be made from curling ", "is the superficial way it deals with its story ", "an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere ", "moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior ", "an erotic thriller ", "becomes more specimen than character ", "will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness ", "that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire ", "needs to stay afloat in hollywood ", "wiggling energy ", "a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . ", "pale xerox of other , better crime movies ", "does everything ", "of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of ", "will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea ", "one good idea ", "with a solid cast , ", ", let alone funny ", "wonderfully lush ", "as a hole in the head ", "amusing study ", "a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall . ", "you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . ", "their own cleverness ", "decent ones ", "lazy material ", "one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . ", "talkiness ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ", "possibly the sturdiest example yet ", "generic villains ", "the story is predictable ", "feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . ", "-- however canned -- ", "failure . ", "one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "of freshness , imagination and insight ", "all the bad things in the world / ", "is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless ", "shiri is a must for genre fans . ", "while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . ", "get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos ", "could be so light-hearted ? ", "'s definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously ", "if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future ", "oversexed ", "the script 's refusal of a happy ending ", "he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . ", "discovered , indulged in ", "hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream ", "maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor ", "most inventive ", "has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so ", "must have failed ", "how to suffer ' ", "( seagal 's ) ", "joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ", "match the ordeal of sitting through it ", "of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless ", "many bona fide groaners among too few laughs ", "would quickly change the channel ", "of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen ", "love reading and/or poetry ", "a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise ", "another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "been a hoot in a bad-movie way ", "a film worth watching ", "as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro ", "there are some laughs in this movie , but ", "the story has little wit and no surprises . ", "cheer flick ", "misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . ", "dramatic punch and depth ", "rolling your eyes ", "hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . ", "have you talking 'til the end of the year ", "its slightly humorous and tender story ", "a talent ", "a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . ", "i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . ", "powerful and revelatory ", "of the war ", "thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending ", "now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects ", "for two movies ", "just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes ", "hilariously , ", "less of a trifle ", "it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget ", "overall the halloween series has lost its edge ", "scare any sane person away ", "feel alive - which is what they did ", "it 's a work of enthralling drama ", "further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony ", "'s the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . ", "at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution ", "'d be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow ", "comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them ", "'s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . ", "philosophical void ", "sketchiest ", "a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout ", "an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way ", "at cheapening it ", "she 's cut open a vein ", "its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . ", "irrelevancy ", "quite rich and exciting ", "of the best movies of the year ", "the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ", "no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . ", "sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick ", "make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life ", "is doa ", "... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . ", "the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . ", "good guys and ", "ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . ", "too straight-faced ", "promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili ", "makes it seem ", "roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . ", "of liveliness ", "strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss ", "found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . ", "should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . ", "treats us to an aimless hodgepodge ", "is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line ", "inane and ", "on the deep deceptions of innocence ", "is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "the gifted pearce on hand ", "call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . ", "lulls you into a gentle waking coma . ", "a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' ", "want to check it out ", "yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . ", "the rope snaps ", "did n't hate this one ", "delving ", "it is a great film . ", "a matinee price ", "is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . ", "the entire point of a shaggy dog story ", "chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special ", "bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction ", ", ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . ", "as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line ", ", that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . ", "intended for the home video market ", "a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string ", "sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . ", "abomination ", "sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife ", "puerile ", "of its characters , its protagonist , or of us ", "inept , tedious ", "anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor ", "the chatter ", "cinematic postcard ", "schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . ", "does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . ", "the messiness ", "too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . ", "blood-curdling family intensity ", "peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte ", "fully formed and ", "is dudsville . ", "to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies ", "low rate annie ", "an enjoyable 100 minutes ", "a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "sustain interest ", ", it might just be the movie you 're looking for . ", "an original ", "of familial separation and societal betrayal ", "more appealing holiday-season product ", "flimsy ending ", "is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen ", "when cares melted away in the dark theater ", "is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting ", "been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ", "that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack ", "'s just as wonderful on the big screen ", "a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ", "a two star script ", "a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care ", "lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments ", "worst -- and only -- killer website movie ", "too much like a fragment of an underdone potato ", "a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege ", "from a television monitor ", "'s just brilliant in this . ", "demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . ", "their own mortality ", "the road warrior ", "are simply too bland to be interesting . ", "using an endearing cast ", "drawn in by the sympathetic characters ", "i mind ugly ", "she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another ", "the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes ", "aggressively silly ", "the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- ", "that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why ", "an extraordinary poignancy , and the story ", "be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work ", "dry , reliable textbook ", "an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers ", "how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is ", "weak payoff ", "a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline ", "manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them ", "originality ", "to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances ", "using them as punching bags ", "from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway ", "too weak ", "the dark theater ", "the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud ", "of continuity errors ", "insipid script ", "a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . ", "someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . ", "truly edgy -- ", "soggy potboiler ", "well-done ", "dumped a whole lot of plot ", "heart or conservative ", "raise audience 's spirits ", "american blockbusters ", "single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department ", "borrows heavily ", "rushed , ", "an ambitious ` what if ? ' ", "a heck of a ride ", "has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll ", "that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis ", "emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . ", "of male-ridden angst ", "the performances are uniformly good . ", "eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . ", "unmemorable filler ", "distressingly ", "cuaron repeatedly ", "is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale ", "almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation ", "quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin ", "son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' ", "without much success ", "complex story ", "be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace ", "of those films that aims to confuse ", "grips and holds you in rapt attention from ", "himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . ", "hypnotically dull . ", "succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory ", "and unforgettable characters ", "witless script ", "for an unfocused screenplay ", "it begins to fade from memory ", "not only better than its predecessor ", "chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . ", "its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . ", "somber , absurd , and ", "the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and ", "boring , self-important stories ", "silliness ", ", it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . ", "amateurish screenplay ", "but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . ", "did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . ", "flat , ", "like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . ", "'s just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . ", "it 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . ", "to great artistic significance ", "hate this one ", "scotland looks wonderful , ", "i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. ", "delicate coming-of-age tale ", "many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , ", "difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting ", "have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one ", "spectacular belly flops ", "a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion ", "a fascinating , compelling story ", "a backstage must-see ", "dramatic nor comic ", "enjoy seeing how both evolve ", "make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see ", "... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . ", "loses its fire midway , ", "standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm ", "elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "distracted by the movie 's quick movements ", "an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study ", "extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . ", "one of the best rock ", "comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . ", "slam-bang extravaganza ", "feels uncomfortably real ", "ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "'d rather watch them on the animal planet . ", "for us ", "a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary ", "full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature ", "oodles of charm ", "in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . ", "nuanced look ", "shared by the nation at their sacrifice . ", ", truths emerge . ", "filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . ", "a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays . ", "as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ", "as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin ", "marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . ", "comes off winningly ", "provocative material ", "enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play ", "the unsalvageability ", "that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... ", "being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses ", ", violent movie ", "original and highly cerebral ", "its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action ", "adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . ", "play out realistically if not always fairly ", "very least ", "tasty and ", "one terrific score ", "fall to pieces ", "crimes ", "a three-hour cinema master class . ", "feel like time fillers between surf shots ", "bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . ", "surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ", "but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . ", "the movie is all portent and no content ", "lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless ", "unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . ", "to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other ", "the more common saccharine genre ", "understated piece ", "it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . ", "might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . ", "be interested in knowing any of them personally ", "weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . ", "enjoyably fast-moving ", "that never springs to life ", "is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . ", "that these brats will ever be anything more than losers ", "... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . ", "an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties ", "artsy and ", "resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . ", "numbness ", "it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through ", "there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes ", "fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . ", "is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work ", "realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject ", "evocative imagery ", "into an excruciating film ", "the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . ", "it 's supposed to feel funny and light ", "the script , which has a handful of smart jokes ", "would be consigned to the dustbin of history ", "a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor ", "nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "this junk ", "boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse ", "skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . ", "thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , ", "everyone 's ", "sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip ", "an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . ", "very interesting ", "a single surprise ", "it takes you somewhere ", "which has a handful of smart jokes ", "an uncomfortable experience , ", "there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys ", "smarter than your average bond . ", "addict ", "'s enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . ", "magnetic as graham ", "this is a very funny , heartwarming film . ", "will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but ", "competent direction ", "i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . ", "less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . ", "a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure ", "steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . ", "a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long ", "each other against all odds ", "bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy ", "schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . ", "criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . ", "utterly painful to watch ", "to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . ", "precisely ", "it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one . ", ", not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . ", "albeit a visually compelling one ", "convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking ", "sneaks up on you ", "catches you ", "at the end that extravagantly redeems it ", "would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at ", "is heartfelt and achingly real . ", "a wild ride ", "is the heart and soul of cinema ", "last-minute ", "terrific performance ", "of a first-rate cast ", "a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", "could make you weep ", "of nonsense ", "all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , ", "to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . ", "deserves an oscar nomination ", "fantastically vital movie ", "of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan ", "has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital ", "an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms ", "ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this ", "is so rich with period minutiae ", "nobody here bothered to check it twice . ", "much to do , too little time to do it in ", "of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party ", "has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . ", "rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor ", "may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard ", "casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- ", "that will keep them guessing ", "is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad ", "remarkable for its intelligence and intensity ", "look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . ", "no real point ", "exhilarating new interpretation ", "the talent is undeniable ", "presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . ", "fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "my eyelids ... getting ", "the beauty ", "dismally dull sci-fi comedy . ", "a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . ", "is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' ", "remains a perfect wildean actor ", "astoundingly ", "lackluster script ", "are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "a been-there ", "triumphant ", "distressingly rote ", "like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 ", "de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors ", "he feels like a spectator and not a participant ", "of american pie hijinks ", "offering fine acting moments and ", "shoddy male hip hop fantasy ", "a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music ", "terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project ", "is at once intimate and universal cinema ", "for a quick-buck sequel ", "to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and ", "an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ", "disappoint ", "i know better than to rush to the theater for this one ", "the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch ", "is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake ", "is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction ", "crippled children ", "an intellectual exercise ", "disappointingly generic nature ", "'s too loud ", "its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . ", ", they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . ", "ecological ", "is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . ", "a film that comes along every day . ", "zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos ", "feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while ", "gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . ", "so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "a vibrant , colorful world ", "too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe ", "nightmare ", "blair witch video-cam footage ", "kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . ", "that 's not saying much ", "spice ", "often heartbreaking ", "so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , ", "will seem like a recycling of clich\u00e9s , an assassin 's greatest hits . ", "an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes ", "breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry ", "demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were ", "but also nicely done ", "this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . ", "borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . ", "is never clear . ", "wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd ", "the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong . ", "has an infectious enthusiasm ", "it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness ", "compels ", "he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", ", it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . ", "'s a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects ", "the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical ", ", then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . ", "more problematic aspects ", "reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , ", "a sub-formulaic slap ", "to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers ", "hide a weak script ", "... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . ", "that does not move ", "manages to delight without much of a story . ", "the problematic characters and ", "includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick ", "imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . ", "is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . ", "a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . ", "articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy ", "known as ' a perfect family film ", "one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable ", "below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , ", "repressed ", "any way demeaning its subjects ", "more complex ", "you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty ", "awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue ", "it 's good enough to be the purr ", "when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . ", "is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time ", "thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer ", "it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers ", "goofiest stuff ", "this beautifully animated epic ", "lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature ", "serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives ", "old-fashioned values ", "wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . ", ", haphazard , and inconsequential romantic ", "lumbering , wheezy ", "a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos ", "the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries ", "the script has less spice than a rat burger ", "if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) ", "do what he does best ", "see this piece of crap again ", "enjoy this movie ", "hypocritical ", "great script ", "it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message ", "a dazzling dream ", "lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . ", "`` crazy '' ", "entertaining thriller ", "hiding behind cutesy film references ", "greengrass ", "iconic ", "feel sanitised and stagey . ", "can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice ", "such a mesmerizing one ", "closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel ", "traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery ", "give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . ", "'s at once laughable and compulsively watchable , ", "pick your nose instead ", "on great scares and a good surprise ending ", "feels contrived ", "the well-wrought story ", "wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . ", "settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion ", "visually compelling ", "refracting ", "is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . ", "crappy movies ", "was worse . ", "contains very few laughs and even less surprises ", "found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style ", "this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . ", "scary , action-packed chiller ", "tasty and sweet ", "the company 's astonishing growth ", "is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band ", "low , smoky and inviting ", "a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations ", "too little ", "overladen with plot conceits ", "a handsome and well-made entertainment ", ", an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . ", "surprising discovery ", "nearly as dreadful as expected ", "a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week ", "manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . ", "marks the spot . ", "looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining ", "sometimes is a gem . ", "piffle . ", "after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series ", "bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . ", "argue ", "hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light ", "significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition . ", "no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act ", "worth revisiting ", "takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "advancing this vision ", "a wretched movie ", ", h\u00e9l\u00e8ne angel is definitely a director to watch . ", "a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ", "can depress you about life itself . ", "gently comic even as the film breaks your heart ", "is competent ", "genre cliches ", "simply a re-hash of the other seven films ", "reliable ", "funny ", "cheesier ", "draws you ", "true for being so hot-blooded ", "more valuable ", "a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna ", "handled correctly ", "pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society ", "the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug ", "on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . ", "ballsy and ", "'s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . ", ", maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master ", ", gritty , sometimes funny ", "that 's all that 's going on here . ", "fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "'s the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . ", "the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie ", "that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ", "to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ", ", cynical ", "despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure ", ", `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "of the funniest motion ", "sad sack ", "rings false ", "potentially incredibly twisting mystery ", "remarkable and novel ", "juicy soap opera ", "might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience ", "is its reliance on formula ", "a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , ", "the exuberant openness ", "carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . ", "a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made ", "unacceptable ", "creepy and dead-on performance ", "not that any of us ", "zero-dimensional ", "adept ", "their parents , wise folks that they are , read books ", "k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but ", "morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick ", "goes for sick and demented humor simply ", "ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike ", "looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes ", "buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen ", "predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , ", "that was hard for me to warm up to ", "is gorgeously ", "show more of the dilemma , rather than ", "a dazzling dream of a documentary ", "deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered ", "class resentment ", "worthy of the price of a ticket ", "great help from kevin kline ", ", well-crafted psychological study ", "extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles ", "based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis ", "seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings ", "boorishness ", "is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre ", "has a kind of hard , cold effect ", "a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", "though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . ", "desperation and cinematic deception ", "first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . ", "the year 's best films ", "sparking ", "loopy and ", "pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and ", "turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "'re engulfed by it . ", "all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow . ", "a positively thrilling combination ", "the playful paranoia of the film 's past ", "a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ", "sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking ", "never wanted to leave . ", "proves to be a compelling ", "the excesses of writer-director roger avary ", "shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team ", "this overproduced piece ", "terrific setpieces ", "do n't avert our eyes for a moment ", "fish-out-of-water formula ", "masochistic ", "their lives , loves and the art ", "hormonal melodrama ", "did i miss something ? ", "the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! ", "the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . ", "was entranced ", "induces a kind of abstract guilt , ", "for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it ", "the world they love and make ", "girl-meets-girl romantic comedy ", "searing lead performance ", "gain the unconditional love she seeks ", "your seat for long stretches ", "wo n't stand the cold light of day ", "about guys and dolls ", "'s a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . ", "impressive performances ", "only seems to care about the bottom line ", "presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men ", "'ll still have a good time ", "is left slightly unfulfilled . ", "adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and ", "vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition ", "rather unfocused ", "something fascinating ", "weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . ", "with the delight of discovery ", "that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over ", "the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart ", "following your dream ", "sick and ", "is one of the greatest date movies in years ", "undermining the story 's emotional thrust ", "where something 's happening ", "and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . ", "usual worst ", "by a set of heartfelt performances ", "intelligence and originality ", "the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs . ", "this insufferable movie ", "both the beauty ", "bonus ", "it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . ", "genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen ", "acted by diane lane and richard gere . ", "is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title . ", "few gut-busting laughs ", "lustrous ", "a pretty good team ", "of the most highly-praised disappointments i ", "characters so unsympathetic ", "one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs ", "so sloppy , ", "moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming ", "stylish but steady , ", "a ploddingly melodramatic structure ", "best-sustained ", "it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ", "screeching-metal ", "such message-mongering moralism ", "had their hearts in the right place ", "funny , touching , smart and complicated ", "a handful of virtuosic set pieces ", "also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . ", "stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but ", "moral favorite ", "a brief amount ", "bill plympton , the animation master ", "spirit is a visual treat , and ", "new treasure ", "bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . ", "killer soundtrack ", "a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . ", "a drag ", "feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . ", "invited to the party ", "watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media ", "wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot ", "troubling and powerful ", "as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab ", "good , solid storytelling . ", "most amazing super-sized dosage ", "and rough-hewn vanity project ", "a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism ", "without sacrificing its high-minded appeal ", "the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome ", "and cinematic deception ", "was just a matter of ` eh . ' ", "just die already ", "there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling ", "has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place ", "served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service ", "from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "nary a glimmer of self-knowledge ", "quirky , charming and ", "anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little ", "erotically ", "an intensely lived time ", "i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone ", "a great cast ", "there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . ", "jaw-droppingly beautiful work ", "an exceptionally good idea ", "tight and truthful , ", "bounces around with limp wrists ", "a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . ", "to be more complex than your average film ", "his best-known creation ", "a disappointment ", "the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- ", "'s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere ", "over this `` un-bear-able '' project ", "way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time ", "a durable part ", "enjoyably ", "for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . ", "plotless collection ", "emphasizing ", "crisp psychological drama ", "a treatise on spirituality ", "a fresh view of an old type ", "lives up ", "an important , original talent in international cinema ", "of soft-core twaddle ", "for the last 15 minutes ", "also one of the most curiously depressing ", ", their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . ", "a bilingual charmer , ", "more holes than clyde barrow 's car ", "rather less than the sum of its underventilated p\u00e8re-fils confrontations . ", "some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and ", "is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . ", ", transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision ", "wastes ", "lee 's achievement ", "realistic characters ", "smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play ", "most brilliant ", "it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire . ", "shining with all the usual spielberg flair , ", "a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . ", "little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff ", "fishy ", "understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie ", "is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low ", "is sympathetic without being gullible ", "a stylish cast and ", "find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . ", "spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . ", "a delightfully dour , deadpan tone ", "schmucks ", "while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part ", "see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "pretend the whole thing never existed ", "the marvelous verdu , ", "the slow parade ", "slow , uneventful ", "itself -- as well its delightful cast -- ", "there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ", "we never feel anything for these characters , ", "a haunting sense of malaise ", "were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' ", "best actors ", "sheer unbridled delight ", "it 's unnerving suspense ", "talented writer/director anderson ", "equally distasteful ", "few things in this world more complex -- ", "i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . ", "does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift ", "extraordinary film ", "old-hat ", "paved with good intentions leads to the video store ", "it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag . ", "takes its title all too literally . ", ", very enjoyable ... ", "one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i ", "of its spirit ", "neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest ", "to refresh our souls ", "... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . ", "may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . ", "the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati ", "it can be a bit repetitive ", "devoid of wit and humor ", "george 's haplessness and ", "a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy ", "there are many definitions of ` time waster ' ", "kooky which should appeal to women ", "it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet ", "to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had ", "no denying the power of polanski 's film ", "catching solely on its visual merits ", "'s easy to like and always ", ", we never really get inside of them . ", "with a screenplay to die for ", "the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences ", "promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . ", "me want to pack raw dough in my ears ", "saddest ", "those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look . ", "this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . ", "touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and ", "begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . ", "epic scale ", "well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable ", "dead mother ", "by poor casting ", "she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair ", "a superlative b movie ", "a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment ", "this wafer-thin movie ", "affair ", "solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . ", "this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . ", "of a handsome and well-made entertainment ", "to the point of ridiculousness ", "delete key ", "clever ideas and visual gags ", "is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . ", "it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . ", "time waster ' ", "a feel-bad ending ", "the weak payoff ", "made him bitter and less mature ", "as though they are having so much fun ", "despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . ", "a gritty style and an excellent cast ", "with honesty , insight and humor ", "entertaining on an inferior level ", "in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion ", "lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground ", "breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina ", "downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . ", "the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ", "the ridiculousness of its premise ", "an earnest study ", "cheap , ", "is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . ", "that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone ", "down over 140 minutes ", "old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "a loathsome movie ", "it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead ", ", the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . ", "of quiet desperation ", "'s so striking about jolie 's performance ", "( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even ", "narcissism and self-congratulation ", "is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string ", "cliched and ", "of lingerie models and bar dancers ", "a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters ", "if considerably less ambitious , ", "temperamental ", "not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . ", "comes along only occasionally ", "smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . ", "that it 's offensive , but ", "committed dumbness ", "sidesplitting ", "uneven performances ", "that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ", "outstanding performance ", "'s clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . ", "turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach ", "in tatters ", "lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered ", "hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . ", "a great movie ", "make it human ", "charm and heart ", "a grand picture ", "peevish ", "gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem ", "a superfluous sequel ", "the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay ", "cuisine and palatable presentation ", ", a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . ", "dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and ", "... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters ", "greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor ", "is more than a movie ", "does n't beat that one , either . ", "slap ", "happiness ", "the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch ", "fiend ", "since ghostbusters ", "however canned -- ", "most entertaining bonds ", "sleep-inducing ", "one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director ", "one bright shining star ", "a great combination act ", "nearly impossible to care about ", "brings a beguiling freshness ", "on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . ", "the film works as well as it does because of the performances . ", "remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops ", "are simply too bland to be interesting ", "is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . ", "a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable ", "new favorite musical ", "achieves the near-impossible ", "roiling black-and-white inspires ", "throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling ", "of paint-by-number romantic comedies ", "pretends to be passionate and truthful but ", "does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself ", "goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots ", "her good looks ", "savvy , compelling ", "of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "flat characters ", "in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . ", "blind to the silliness ", "pleasantly and predictably ", "an intelligent person ", "girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . ", "unnoticed ", "makes for a touching love story , ", "to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying ", "for laughs ", "this tired retread ", "a gracious , eloquent film ", "bad of a movie ", "once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . ", "'s nowhere near as good as the original . ", "by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot ", "now as a former gong show addict ", "offers no new insight on the matter ", "huge-screen ", "a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . ", "alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous ", "it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans ", "a complete waste of time ", "hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing ", "that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong ", "be lulled into a coma ", "on a group of extremely talented musicians ", "the soullessness ", "suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary ", "thought the relationships were wonderful ", "utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work ", "wishy-washy ", "figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . ", "in this pretentious mess ", "a muted freak-out ", "tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art . ", "huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "in a light-hearted way the romantic problems ", "is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . ", "would look like something like this ", "a deep bow ", "talent and wit ", "fails to fascinate . ", "'s never dull and always looks good . ", "loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - ", "stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? ", "an easy film ", "a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "bring out joys in our lives ", "plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has . ", "reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . ", "nice rhythm ", "dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , ", "do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this ", "has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... ", "of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him ", "we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . ", "to see what all the fuss is about ", "a term paper ", "about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying ", "... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . ", "such a graphic treatment of the crimes ", "be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ", "an engaging and intimate first feature ", "fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ", "payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business ", "us ", "the movie dawdle ", "passive-aggressive ", "that embraces its old-fashioned themes ", "lacking any sense of commitment to ", "this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it ", "between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked ", "curiously tepid and choppy recycling ", "these ambitions , laudable in themselves ", "has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . ", ", pretentious mess . ", "exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute ", "just another generic drama ", "little fuss or noise ", "has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have ", "uniformly good ", "an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues ", "at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- ", "it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . ", "a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : ", "be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in ", "chance to prove his worth ", "cool . ", "so integrated with the story ", "two fatal ailments ", "coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . ", "than losers ", "can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "the food is enticing ", "evolve ", "winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . ", "really has no place to go since simone is not real ", "unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache ", "'s too long and unfocused . ", "contradictory things ", "the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying ", "the unacceptable ", "relying on animation or dumb humor ", "has been overexposed , ", "made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . ", "go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . ", "inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence ", "everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . ", "is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' ", "one of cinema 's directorial giants ", "lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat ", "impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story ", "barbarism ", "like a fragment of an underdone potato ", "and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends . ", "brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project ", "find love ", "gutter romancer 's ", "little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out ", "language and locations ", "profoundly stupid ", "is plainly dull and visually ugly ", "the highest and the performances ", "most uncanny ", "it entertaining ", "what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . ", "makes the move from pleasing ", "made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day . ", "does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain ", "good acting ", "poetic tragedy ", "the power of spirits ", "on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", "and church meetings ", "er , bubbly ", "charming than in about a boy ", "gorgeous color palette ", "an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that ", "to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine ", "its perfect quiet pace ", "nasty aftertaste but ", "has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy ", "to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "looked uglier ", "simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny ", "has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . ", "what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . ", "the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time ", ") taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all ", "responsible for one of the worst movies of one year ", "meaty subject ", "scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "draws you in ", "is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . ", "brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and ", "of the best gay love stories ", "that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself ", "a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes ", "really stupid ", "hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . ", "( `` take care of my cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . ", "an admirable , sometimes exceptional film ", "be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera ", "does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . ", ", and gently tedious in its comedy ", "scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv ", "so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "this broken character study ", "distinct rarity ", "who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies ", "no wit , ", "smart and dark - ", "the peak of all things insipid ", "is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' ", "create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption ", "might actually want to watch . ", "reverent , and subtly different ", "exquisite ", "surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' ", "babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "the surprise ending ", "greatest play ", "the movie is loaded with good intentions ", "for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "strange it is , but delightfully so ", "-- if predictable -- ", "sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart ", "the best script ", "transcends ", "fairly irresistible package ", "lost in the translation this time ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study ", "taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . ", ", from the incongruous but chemically ", "mishandled here ", "sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , ", "bears more than a whiff of exploitation , ", "paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen ", "for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs ", "be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly ", "nasty comedy ", "wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "altogether creepy ", "about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes ", "of family , forgiveness and love ", "though i could not stand them ", "deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered . ", "an actual vietnam war combat movie ", "noticeably derivative ", "a provocative ", "drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . ", "hubristic folly ", "intense and engrossing head-trip ", "hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . ", "but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote ", "with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . ", "perfect in their roles ", "has solid acting and a neat premise ", "'s as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . ", "you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . ", "visit , this laboratory of laughter ", "warm , inviting , and surprising ", "a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together ", ", predictable rehash ", "in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad ", "in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself ", "spin hopelessly out ", "provide an intense experience ", "like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going ", "horribly depressing and not ", "virtually no aftertaste ", "as an exceptional thriller ", "is so insanely dysfunctional ", "make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . ", "let the subtitles fool you ", ", original talent ", "is more accurately chabrolian . ", "the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs ", "merrily ", "a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . ", "the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . ", "not-nearly ", ", banter-filled comedy ", "particularly well made ", "low-rent retread ", "this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . ", "their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger ", "appreciation of the daily ", "into corny sentimentality ", "a tired one ", "he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . ", "that stubbornly refused to gel ", "understandable ", "of his spiritual survival ", "the characters seem one-dimensional , ", "about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller ", "the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . ", "there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . ", ", others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . ", "is serene , the humor wry and sprightly ", "the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year ", "riveted ", "is as delightful ", "barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement ", "creeps into your heart ", "scoring ", "suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . ", "will be lulled into a coma ", "it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "genuinely moving and ", "that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer ", "of the world 's greatest teacher ", "need of a scented bath ", "struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . ", "delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama ", "cute ", "the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; ", "a powerful sequel ", "may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece . ", "romance , tragedy ", "coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching ", "of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller ", "it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own ", "it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . ", "'s a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style ", "jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder ", "something creepy about this movie ", "i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it ", "modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance ", "spontaneous creativity ", "moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . ", ", mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . ", "stiff ", "is both convincing and radiant ", "cleverly constructed ", "'s still entertaining to watch the target practice . ", "the worst films of 2002 ", "what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . ", "stuffy , full of itself ", "hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction ", "oo many of these gross ", "get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company ", "looks ", "stands out ", "are fascinating ", "this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ", ", numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . ", "its good qualities are obscured ", "bored cage ", "can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? ", "just bring on the battle bots , please ! ", "what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . ", "the film never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad , and ", "tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss ", "in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . ", "pale successor ", "cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ", "creeping in others ", "heralds something special ", "if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience ", "the tasteful little revision works ", "'d need a shower ", "a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . ", "the movie knew what to do with him ", "barney 's ", "could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . ", "the holocaust escape story ", "'ll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ", "pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous ", "although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick ", "it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; ", "mushy as peas ", "genuine and ", "pleasingly upbeat ", "a stadium-seat megaplex ", "makes these lives count ", "despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' ", "will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot ", "because relatively nothing happens ", "cross-dressing ", "veers into corny sentimentality , probably ", "that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey ", "civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices ", "a sense-of-humour failure ", "recalls ", "of a film that does n't know what it wants to be ", "light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . ", "the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . ", "donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and ", "make you laugh ", "i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . ", "in love with myth ", "stimulate ", "so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery ", "from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story ", "the best sports movie i 've ever seen . ", "is bound to appreciate ", "'m not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . ", "superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . ", "on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . ", "somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard ", "about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . ", "the lack of linearity ", "by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . ", "impressive hybrid . ", "kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth ", "get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show ", "clean-cut ", "thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . ", "a man has made about women since valley of the dolls ", "virtuoso ", "a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . ", ", shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . ", "a half-assed film . ", "to be pleasant in spite of its predictability ", "hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "surrealistic ", "intellectually and logistically a mess . ", "the soggy performances ", "of faith in the future ", "banal and predictable ", "makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "an extraordinary dramatic experience . ", "makes a meal of it ", "but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either . ", "remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "two tedious ", "giving up ", "wars ", "quite tasty and inviting all the same ", "men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance ", "the final product is a ghost ", "he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating ", "bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . ", "rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . ", "ambiguities that make it well worth watching ", "slice of comedic bliss ", "be engaging ", "is impossible to find the film anything but ", "michel ", "roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . ", "the curse of a self-hatred instilled ", "bad , bad , bad movie ", "brisk hack job ", "'s also somewhat clumsy ", "one of demme 's good films ", "despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development ", "bold colors ", "passionate and ", "not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "a light touch ", "new or interesting ", "as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen ", "liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . ", "on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers ", "with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups ", "for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors ", "is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure ", "be an enjoyable choice for younger kids ", "to pack raw dough in my ears ", ", below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . ", "is simply tired ", "spirited film ", "drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . ", "the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination ", "great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood . ", "engrossing portrait ", "this film special ", ", humorless soap opera ", "mtv schmucks ", "go anywhere new , ", "pacing and lack ", "noise , mayhem and stupidity ", "a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save . ", "musicals back 40 years ", "a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns ", "the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ", "a stylish exercise ", "instantly disposable ", "as i laughed throughout the movie ", "this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential ", "while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . ", "the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . ", "penetrating , impenetrable ", ", worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it ", "not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . ", "a flat script ", "like this movie a lot . ", "carries a charge of genuine excitement ", "puzzling than unsettling ", "late-summer ", "who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop ", "loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . ", "martha stewart decorating program run amok ", "does n't sustain a high enough level of invention ", "'s probably worth catching solely on its visual merits ", "artistically ", "godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ", "an encouraging effort ", "the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but ", "have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again ", "merely offensive ", "the price ", "for a satisfying evening at the multiplex ", "have to admit i walked out of runteldat . ", "fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment ", "seems endless . ", "and paper-thin supporting characters ", "that it is n't very good ", "its utter sincerity ", "berling and b\u00e9art ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters ", "buy is an accomplished actress , and ", "'s a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . ", "hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "such clarity ", "turns very dark and very funny ", "it 's an effort to watch this movie , but ", "all things insipid ", "bad clive barker movie ", "that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world ", "reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . ", "a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- ", "comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . ", "... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . ", "misguided project ", "artistic ", "overcome its weaknesses ", "the chatter of parrots raised on oprah ", "make you reach for the tissues ", "bad writing ", "a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . ", "it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur ", "labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . ", "a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over ", "maximum comfort and familiarity ", "people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny ", "unusual but unfortunately also ", "it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "of the painstaking ", "this little $ 1.8 million charmer ", "working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . ", "intellectual and emotional ", "this tale has been told and retold ", "well-meant but unoriginal ", "a photographic marvel of sorts , and it ", "the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details . ", "with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness ", "feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful ", "the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten ", "filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . ", "a hard-to-swallow premise ", "somewhat cumbersome ", "one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio ", "when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "negligible ", "a string of exotic locales ", "went over my head or ", "laughed ", "good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "exudes ", "from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . ", "bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . ", "the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film ", "something to behold ", "a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film ", "a long , dull procession of despair , ", "an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn ", "of our making ", "blab and ", "a heartening tale of small victories and ", "could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment ", "is bright and flashy in all the right ways . ", "has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky ", "awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "new , or inventive , ", "inventive , ", "a spirited film and ", "is wonderful . ", "great team ", "than special effects ", "is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . ", "with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids ", "takes hold and grips hard . ", "a long patch of black ice ", "as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick ", "a terrific role ", "of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "first scene ", "in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life ", "written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ", "i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . ", "k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . ", "that it is instead a cheap clich\u00e9 ", "the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is ", "there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally ", "for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ", "purpose and finesse ", "ambiguous enough to be engaging ", "endless assault ", "you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . ", "soul-stirring documentary ", "that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable ", "self-absorbed ", "dim-witted and lazy spin-off ", "this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . ", "street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence ", "a deft pace master and stylist ", "makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . ", "yet permits laughter ", "of any film more challenging or depressing ", "mainstream matinee-style entertainment ", "every-joke-has - been-told-a ", "many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . ", "is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director ", "to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama ", "a ham-fisted sermon ", ", will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . ", "a tremendous piece ", "sane and breathtakingly ", "ca n't rescue this effort . ", "fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count ", "feels free to offend ", "if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer . ", "those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . ", "that might have made it an exhilarating ", "is n't scary . ", "is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . ", "a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ", "tawdry b-movie scum ", "an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed ", "ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences ", "an inexperienced director , ", "who are nearly impossible to care about ", "an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ", "it does n't disappoint . ", "its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ", "an overwhelmingly positive portrayal ", "believe it ", "have lost the ability to think ", "do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? ", "its sense of fun or energy ", "staring at a blank screen ", "irritating ( at least to this western ear ) ", "for its overwhelming creepiness ", "interested ", "it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . ", "a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely ", "stale and ", "does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . ", "i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . ", "is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . ", "the perfectly pitched web ", "the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . ", "scherfig , the writer-director ", "corporate circus ", "reassures us ", "the script 's flaws ", "has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and ", "oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk ", "the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . ", "von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke ", "a likable story , told with competence ", "rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . ", "eager to please ", "speaks volumes ", "most touching movie ", "gradually makes us believe she is kahlo ", "frequently misses the mark ", "see it ", "it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . ", ", you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . ", "goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . ", "providing no real sense of suspense ", "can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach ", "allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title ", "k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn . ", ", this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . ", "has no point and goes nowhere ", "takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . ", "the komediant is a tale worth catching . ", "sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . ", "a huge sacrifice ", "your seat , tense with suspense ", "no charm , no laughs , no fun , ", "will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' ", "high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time ", "has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . ", "determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action ", "not without cheesy fun factor . ", "the acting , for the most part ", "it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters ", "the baseball-playing monkey ", "very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact ", "come when various characters express their quirky inner selves ", "director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it . ", "delusions ", "enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events ", "resident evil ", "one of france 's most inventive directors ", "squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "change hackneyed concepts ", "visual flourishes ", "they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either ", "of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark ", "energetic and engaging film ", "some savvy producer ", "intensely lived ", "particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy ", ", its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . ", "spiritually ", "an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . ", "sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ", "a lump of play-doh ", "a film so graceless and devoid ", "the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy ", ", open-hearted film ", "paints an absurdly simplistic picture . ", "spirit ", "undernourished and ", "achingly human ", "swept away by the sheer beauty of his images ", "this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . ", "as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , ", "far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but ", "its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , ", "every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . ", "gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films ", "breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill ", "it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . ", "'s hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs ", "it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story ", "this did n't connect with me would require another viewing ", "suffered through the horrible pains of a death ", "... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . ", "the real thing ", "a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power ", "its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives ", "dazzling ", "'s not very well shot or composed or edited ", "peppered with false starts and ", "sharper ", "us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity ", "does little that is actually funny with the material ", "to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude ", "is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . ", "an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays ", "that you want to slap it ", "is the ultimate movie experience ", "a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last ", "a rather listless amble down ", "tequila bender ", "not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see ", "are presented in convincing way ", "gets sillier , not scarier ", "aimless , arduous ", "a grating , emaciated flick ", "an irresistibly uncanny ambience ", "agreeably ", "does n't reach them ", "unholy hokum ", "a few ear-pleasing songs ", "can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time ", "splendid performances ", "this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . ", "warm , moving message ", ", it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' ", "'ll probably love it . ", ", it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . ", "rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations ", "often overwritten ", "rich and full ", "entertainingly nasty ", "an almost sure-fire prescription ", "watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights ", "of the hilarious writer-director himself ", "its inventiveness ", "of more appealing holiday-season product ", "on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel ", "offers opportunities for occasional smiles and ", "be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds ", "provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' ", "thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . ", "the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... ", "`` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . ", ", are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it ", "hope ", "claustrophobic ", "an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and ", "that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew ", "a muddled limp biscuit ", "have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime ", "style and mystification ", "eminently engrossing film ", "every articulate player ", "practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor ", "'s notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals ", "that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- ", "completely predictable plot ", "it is n't entirely persuasive ", "a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres ", "while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . ", "the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good ", "takes no apparent joy ", "is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair ", "sub-par ", "'s as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations ", "does not make for much of a movie . ", "avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates ", "gap ", "one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ", "that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's ", ", they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood ", "( less a movie than ) ", "dreary piece ", "a bad-movie way ", "will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . ", "struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy ", "elegant , ", "two-dimensional and pointless ", "will wear thin on all ", "not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us ", "implodes ", "represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe ", "nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque ", "puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible ", "illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss ", "clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ", "rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world ", "high art ", "of the best ", "called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but ", "peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . ", "emotionally accessible , almost mystical work ", "with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas ", "of justice ", "make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment ", "a slight but sweet film . ", "bad luck and ", "lyrical and celebratory ", "many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and ", "then go see this delightful comedy . ", "growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body ", ", but to his legend ", "finds its moviegoing pleasures ", "makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a ", "exudes the urbane sweetness ", "be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ", "it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . ", "do n't avert our eyes for a moment . ", "makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today ", "believability ", "kindness ", "the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ", "deftly captures ", "director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve ", "well-deserved reputation ", ", it 's still not a good movie ", "cruel story ", "never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ", "are clinically depressed and ", "a small movie ", "it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- ", "people act weird ", "paints a grand picture of an era ", "little substance ", "an uncompromising film ", "how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know . ", "that gradually sneaks up on the audience ", "companionable ", "have done in half an hour ", "be bad ", ", even delectable ", "sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously ", "once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . ", "feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . ", "feel the beat down to your toes ", "to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row ", "achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself ", ", when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . ", "is enticing ", "like a travel-agency video ", "a few big laughs ", "in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications ", "with no aspirations ", "naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; ", "its own quirky hipness ", "return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . ", "drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers ", "a refreshing and comical spin ", "its execution and skill ", "to the climactic burst of violence ", "a visually stunning rumination ", "insultingly simplistic ", "murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . ", "to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate ", "take on the upscale lifestyle ", "the most severe kind ", "is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins ", "that makes you feel genuinely good ", "credible account ", "flagrantly fake thunderstorms ", "report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement . ", "enjoyable randomness ", "promising premise ", "is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . ", "go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative ", "takes too long to shake ", "to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is ", "completely wreaked ", "its heart , ", "sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film ", "worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance . ", "rare treat ", "may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not ", "realistic , non-exploitive approach ", "a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters ", "the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension ", "it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . ", "terminally bland , ", "schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . ", "everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? ", ", while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . ", "a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight ", "what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . ", "while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich\u00e9 ", "where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ", "is definitely a cut above the rest ", "claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . ", "numb ", "i say , entertaining ", "that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "the dog from snatch ) ", "roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . ", "so vivid ", "the lady and the duke surprisingly ", ", beautifully produced film ", "this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people ", "the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke . ", "falling into the hollywood trap ", "an awful sour taste ", "quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . ", "flourish ", "is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche ", "drain ", "young talent ", "a dreadful day in irish history ", "definitive ", "done-to-death ", "with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "miracles , ", ", sometimes funny ", "wild ", "of heart and unsettling subject matter ", "whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character ", "good news ", "lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . ", "great piece ", "its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , ", "it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . ", "to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing ", "unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn ", "and much better ", "when the movie ended so damned soon ", "is extremely thorough . ", "this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style ", "to go around , with music and laughter ", "beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . ", "'re never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins ", "noble endeavor ", "scenery , vibe and all -- ", "funny , subtle , and resonant ", "itself , a playful spirit ", "is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . ", "allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "explicit ", "you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest ", "into the nature of faith ", "it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . ", "the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . ", "`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance ", "as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . ", "driven by a natural sense for what works ", "a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ", "you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . ", "... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . ", "is frustratingly unconvincing ", "how to make us share their enthusiasm ", "can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' ", "resonant ", "a nice album ", "it 's a lousy one at that . ", "duvall 's ", "hard to be emotional ", "uninspired philosophical ", "start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves ", ", eight crazy nights is a total misfire . ", "it reveals ", "formidable arithmetic ", "funny , ultimately heartbreaking ", "deceptively amusing ", "an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily ", "holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them ", "be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "is very difficult to care about the character ", "a fine ", "without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves . ", "intriguing and stylish ", "evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . ", "stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . ", "it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . ", "truly wonderful ", "there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . ", "makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . ", "god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . ", "leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain ", "up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched ", "it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless ", "who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream ", "even sexy ", "thousand cliches ", "boorish movie ", "annoying and artificial ", "as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . ", "wise enough ", "it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems ", "these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes ", "deserves to be seen everywhere . ", "peak ", "play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution ", "i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . ", "recommend big bad love ", "two marvelously ", "like ", "i have n't laughed that hard in years ! ", "brand name ", "a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . ", "a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "technical proficiency ", "ever so gracefully ", "most creative mayhem ", "is a cinematic misdemeanor ", "the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", ", irredeemably awful . ", "a compelling french psychological drama ", "salvation and good intentions ", "as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care ", "carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract ", "a gawky actor ", "although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . ", "spiritual journey ", "has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . ", "boredom to the point of collapse ", "provides a strong itch to explore more . ", "frequently hilarious ", ", heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear ", "sloughs one 's way ", "the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling ", "sweetheart ", "anything special , save for a few comic turns , ", "tickles the funny bone ", "kind ", "better than sorcerer 's stone ", "that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth ", "that deserves more than a passing twinkle ", "delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted ", "is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee ", "the border collie is funny ", "well loved classic ", "a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening ", "that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ", "a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . ", "this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , ", "bold presentation ", "majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident . ", "with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit ", "'s too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "huppert 's show to steal ", "'re going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . ", "seem at least passably real ", "that were already tired 10 years ago ", "would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . ", "the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine ", "to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses ", "delightful surprise ", "a movie that 's held ", "has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . ", "it 's a pale imitation . ", "when her material is not first-rate ", "'s no art here ", "the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material ", "contemplative , and sublimely beautiful ", "at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had ", ", surrealistic moments ", "comedic writing ", "a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ", "an observant , unfussily poetic meditation ", "imbued with passion and attitude ", "peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth ", "'s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison ", "scream low budget ", "have returned from the beyond to warn you ", "another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled ", "pays off ", "looked like crap , ", "exactly how bad ", "taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults ", "'d probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . ", "potty-mouthed ", "for a few comic turns ", "the film oozes craft . ", "loud , ugly , irritating ", "argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . ", "camera movements ", "the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance ", "can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience ", "an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . ", "it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ", "is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow ", "frailty fascinates ", "timeless and unique ", "to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie ", "a thought-provoking picture . ", "'s hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "eye-catching art direction ", "does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject ", "drug abuse ", ", it throws you for a loop . ", "unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . ", "i would go back and choose to skip it . ", "his storytelling skills have eroded ", "page-turning ", "abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . ", "a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ", "impeccable comic timing , ", "dramatic and emotional ", "sick and evil woman ", "the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . ", "bang-up ", "so sloppy , so uneven , so ", "has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one ", "the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ", "comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional ", "botched ", "ca n't wait to see end . ", "the hours , a delicately crafted film ", "a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success ", "guilt ", "a gripping drama . ", "dearly ", ", but i suspect it might deliver again and again . ", "gently political ", "gong li and a vivid personality ", "to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence ", "is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music ", "its worst ", "a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition ", "that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama ", "at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- ", "an odd drama ", "the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . ", "cunning ", "is marveilleux . ", "the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes ", "could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . ", "plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out ", "a suspenseful horror movie ", "like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . ", "stylish film ", "brings the proper conviction ", "the power of their surroundings ", "could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking ", "venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece ", "the culture clash comedies ", "a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ", "patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary ", "that was n't all that great to begin with ", "in a well-balanced fashion ", "it 's nowhere near as good as the original . ", "ignite ", "gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . ", "observant , unfussily poetic meditation ", "that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad ", "as pure composition and form -- ", "fiercely intelligent ", "love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness ", "loathe ", "tom green 's freddie got fingered ", "in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape ", "a remarkable film ", "for large-scale action and suspense ", "the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' ", "because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out ", "supposedly funny ", "ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering ", "the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . ", "unhurried narrative ", "'re merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . ", "unfunny and unentertaining ", "`` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses ", "refined ", "goodies ", "excess debris ", ", satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . ", "has really done his subject justice . ", "what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "strongly ", "-- even more damning -- ", "into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "escaped the rut dug by the last one ", "ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . ", "incomprehensible ", "dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year ", "this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . ", ", sprightly spin ", "'s a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing ", "... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) ", "just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart ", "is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through ", "when there 's nothing else happening ", "before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . ", "predictably efficient ", "and in the best way ", "the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power . ", "disjointed ", "such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . ", "too many flashbacks ", "'d probably turn it off , ", "decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces ", "with splendid singing ", "( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . ", "the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time ", "you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort ", "to be a part of that elusive adult world ", "excruciatingly ", "by flashes of mordant humor ", "is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . ", "quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy ", "waste ", "it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... ", "dislikable ", "pointless ", "one of the all-time great apocalypse movies ", "a long , unfunny one ", "earnestness remarkably well ", "both inspiring and pure joy ", "groaner ", "colorful bio-pic ", "going to feel like you were n't invited to the party ", "distinguished ", "jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience ", "tawdry trash ", "like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story ", "rouses us . ", "land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . ", "us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows ", "poignant and funny . ", "eloquent clarity ", "combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . ", "the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . ", "nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . ", "irritating display ", "hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop ", "worthwhile effort ", "from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny ", "ethereal ", "desiccated talent ", "before i see this piece of crap again ", "to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time ", "instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . ", "as sharp or as fresh ", "a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga ", "does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length ", "prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself ", "its good qualities ", ", starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . ", "worth ", "with a creepy and dead-on performance ", "'s not just a feel-good movie ", "truly funny ", "will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers ", "a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . ", "directs , ideally ", "have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams ", "love this ", "ultimately very satisfying ", "the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . ", "punches ", "the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . ", "torture and ", "sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . ", "is the score , as in the songs translate well to film ", "is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad ", "abbass 's understated ", "'s ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions ", "is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground ", "that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . ", "the problem ", "that few movies have ever approached ", "wrong hands ", "engage children ", "especially well ", "of death ", "nearly as dreadful ", "this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . ", "things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall ", "steeped in fairy tales and other childish things ", "at the right film ", "icily brilliant ", "generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series ", "a low-budget hybrid of scarface or ", "franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . ", "without stickiness ", "a smoother , more focused ", "the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . ", "should be poignant ", "roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie ", "bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . ", "really funny ", "naivet\u00e9 and sophistication ", "it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . ", "absorbing movie ", "none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits ", ", we need agile performers ", "you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but ", "enjoy yourselves without feeling conned ", "its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome ", "a triumph , ", "an ungainly movie , ", "refreshingly unhibited ", "there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ... ", "brash and mainly unfunny ", "eloquent language ", "succeeds mainly ", "overwhelming sadness ", "extraordinary access ", "it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . ", "of a mixed bag , with enough negatives ", "its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . ", "in all the best possible ways ", "gem ", "'s fun for kids of any age ", "an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era ", "to the enduring strengths of women ", "rendered with such clarity ", "one of the finest ", "good simmer ", "haneke 's script ( from elfriede jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . ", "'s tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing ", "the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . ", "i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . ", "an addictive guilty pleasure but the material ", "bad company . ", "manages for but a few seconds ", "does its predecessors proud ", "through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' ", "the idiocy of its last frames ", "utilizing ", "the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "deranged immediacy ", "old age and grief ", "reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy ", "is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . ", "priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . ", "for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations ", "is not only a love song to the movies ", "of the nincompoop benigni persona ", "( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . ", "also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience ", "a new idea ", "sacrificing its high-minded appeal ", "full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them ", "fatal ", "his inspiration ", "much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . ", "the cinematography is atrocious ", "our reality tv obsession , ", "a wonderful ensemble cast ", "is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues ", "examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling ", "a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation ", "of cliches that the talented cast generally ", "lots of hollywood fluff ", "like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . ", "filled with strange and wonderful creatures ", "elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . ", "witty , improbable romantic comedy ", "psychologically savvy ", "a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary ", "the thrill ", "of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor ", "privileged moments and memorable performances ", "another shameless attempt ", "are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . ", "marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances ", "soul-searching ", "amiable but ", "too many conflicts ", "so real ", "pull it back ", "funniest and most accurate depiction ", "been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "a better vehicle ", "great fun ", "spoofs and celebrates ", "brussels ", "it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing . ", "'s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ", "makes two hours feel like four . ", "is : ` scooby ' do n't . ", "an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist ", "has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . ", "treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . ", "very funny joke ", "satisfying entertainment ", "a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal ", "will amuse or entertain them ", "multi-layered and profoundly ", "scenes of cinematic perfection ", "much self-centered ", "intriguing twist ", "the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . ", "'s a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . ", "is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated ", "distracting special effects and visual party tricks ", "satisfying kids flck ", "seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them ", "as the mediterranean sparkles ", "all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . ", "this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied ", "have thought possible ", "dysfunctional parent-child relationship ", "the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . ", "lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo ", "it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and ", "attentive ", "the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack ", "revenge , and romance ", "nicely done ", "with poetic force and buoyant feeling ", "misanthropic comedies ", "are simply intoxicating . ", "thrills , too many flashbacks ", "this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy ", "'s a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ", "watered-down ", "an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "pointed personalities , courage , ", "that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense ", "i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious ", "could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? ", "-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles ", "as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", "the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma ", "a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one ", "good inside dope ", "deeply pessimistic ", "of the worst films of 2002 ", "often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . ", "this is an interesting movie ! '' ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid ", "young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . ", "missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout ", "hollywood pipeline ", "a terrible strength ", "as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is ", "finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers ", "needing other people ", "the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet ", "fulfilling ", "contradictory ", "a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship ", "degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage ", "... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . ", "its limit to sustain a laugh ", "of the most interesting writer/directors ", "confusing on one level or another , ", "'s also too stupid ", "good and ambitious film ", "glamour ", "strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . ", "wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk ", "is supremely unfunny and unentertaining ", "much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . ", "fairly solid -- not to mention ", "most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure ", "despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . ", "you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her ", "gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . ", "it lacks in substance ", "dishonest and pat ", "funny and pithy ", "is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings ", ", they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . ", "'s black hawk down with more heart . ", "surprisingly idealistic ", "muddled , repetitive and ragged ", "not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general ", "works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . ", "i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow ", "rae ", "was worse . '' ", "it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen ", "if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away . ", "bad rock concert ", "of love , family and all that ", "seen such self-amused trash ", "the elements were all there ", "shaky , uncertain film ", "might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . ", "rotting underbelly ", "championship material ", "although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . ", "has a funny moment or two ", "in asia , where ms. shu is an institution ", "are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . ", "feel fully ", "glass 's dirgelike score ", "the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film ", "a well-crafted film ", "from this choppy and sloppy affair ", "calm and thoughtful ", "a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two ", "that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are ", "give committed performances ", "profoundly ", "it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . ", "maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . ", "refused to gel ", "engaging simplicity ", "to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "it has its faults ", ", bile , and irony ", "is so warm and fuzzy ", "the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . ", "oscar-nominated documentary ", "a stand up and cheer flick ", "it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time ", "the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos ", "look like cheap hysterics ", "no affinity ", "aged past his prime ", "its rough edges ", "takes off in totally unexpected directions and ", "pulls off enough ", "with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ", "are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away ", "of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues ", "would -- with moist eyes ", "close to losing my lunch ", "run through its otherwise comic narrative . ", "a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! ", "generic scripts ", "'s so poorly ", "'s clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf ", ", de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . ", "your typical junkie opera ", "of every bad action-movie line in history ", "bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... ", "in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' ", "to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy ", "all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head ", "no interesting concept ", "godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment ", "pretty watchable ", "an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long ", "change watching such a character ", "a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema ", "` blade ii ' just does n't cut it ", "it falls far short of poetry ", ", ugly , irritating ", "scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic ", "it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . ", "like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . ", "by his lack of self-awareness ", "toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away ", "to create something original ", "spectacularly beautiful ", "the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . ", "an affected malaise ", "worth a summertime look-see ", "one of those so-so films that could have been much better . ", "to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable ", "it looks like an action movie , but ", "begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters ", "lacks considerable brio ", "in its courageousness , and comedic employment ", "even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , ", "interested in the sights and sounds of battle ", "clueless and inept ", "the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag ", "spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , ", "promising work-in-progress ", "patronizing ", "with brutal honesty and respect for its audience ", "served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick ", "the mushy finale ", "feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . ", "the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "a nonstop hoot ", "'s provocative stuff ", "under-rehearsed and ", "pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone ", "blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' ", "immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and ", "a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it ", "an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "right-wing , propriety-obsessed family ", "achieving some honest insight into relationships ", "refreshing ", "in their recklessness ", ", indescribably bad ", "virtually no one ", "of piffle ", "an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . ", "is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . ", "have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup ", "stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "a bad movie that ", "beautiful ", "lacks the spirit of the previous two , ", "exploit his anger ", "beautiful paean ", "sillier ", ", some of it is honestly affecting ", "beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . ", "incredibly thoughtful ", "the best sports movie ", "has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs ", "misanthropy ", "you there is no sense ", "cannibal ", "more unmentionable subjects ", "vividly and ", "the masses with star power , a pop-induced score ", "will all but take you to outer space ", "the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers ", "is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not ", "convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them ", "i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . ", "it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . ", "to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement ", "draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss ", "skip this dreck , rent animal house ", "smarter and much ", "great missed opportunity ", "the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem ", "for some very good acting , dialogue , ", "a fairly impressive debut ", "young american ", "300 years of russian history and culture ", "... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' ", "like done-to-death material ", "remarkable ", ", it 's just grating ", "wear thin with repetition ", "love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut ", "quirky drama ", "are ... impeccable throughout . ", "pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear ", "nonsensical story ", "chill ", "the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . ", "that 's a liability . ", "eviction ", "remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and ", "the film 's intimate camera work ", "an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . ", "clear sense ", "she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "rote drivel ", "at least during their '70s heyday ", "echoes ", "the funniest person ", ", self-indulgent and maddening ", "resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ", "pair that with really poor comedic writing ", "gaping enough to pilot ", "enough cool fun ", "followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", ", with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . ", "manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . ", ") are such a companionable couple ", "is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus ", "who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent ", "a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this ", "bravery and integrity ", "the characters are based on stock clich\u00e9s , and ", "it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights ", "it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . ", "through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "absorbing character study by andr\u00e9 turpin . ", "then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . ", "most flamboyant female comics ", "of tradition and warmth ", "satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , ", "rent the disney version ", "has performed a difficult task indeed ", "stuffiest ", "refreshingly realistic , affectation-free ", "about in thick clouds of denial ", "'s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . ", "reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- ", "the movie is better than you might think . ", "the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . ", "not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . ", "sweet and believable ", "indulges in the worst elements of all of them ", "wannabe film ", "i like it . ", "too clich\u00e9d and too often strains ", "slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale ", "skip the film and ", "can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . ", "leather ", "with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "zealand coming-of-age movie ", "engages ", "been a lighthearted comedy ", "prevent its tragic waste of life ", "refreshing change ", "the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . ", ", brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . ", "it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story ", "nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible ", "disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep ", "early laughs ", "cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "its superstar ", "to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese ", "its awkward structure and a final veering ", "a dysfunctional parent-child relationship ", "true to its animatronic roots : ", "vastly improved germanic version ", "the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance ", "shows deft comic timing . ", "a plodding teen remake ", "fussing over too weak a recipe ", "a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . ", "engage ", "a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the ", "funnier than being about something ", "by mediocrity ", "american action-adventure buffs ", "an auspicious feature debut ", "falls into the trap of pretention almost every time ", "any after-school special you can imagine ", "broomfield has compelling new material ", "to be intimate and socially encompassing ", "fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ", "film history ", "unfocused ", "is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . ", "toilet ", "'s the perfect cure for insomnia ", "originality is sorely lacking . ", "shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes ", "as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . ", "weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise ", "visually flashy but narratively opaque and ", "a genuinely bone-chilling tale ", "moving , and adventurous directorial debut ", "told with an appropriate minimum of means . ", "colorful , dramatized pbs program ", "it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways ", "unexceptional ", "scare ", "a bloated plot ", "a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots ", "a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script ", "but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . ", "bring off ", "often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . ", "really cool bit ", "a.c. will help this movie one bit ", "a little underconfident ", "gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . ", "transcends ethnic lines . ", "existential suffering ", "even less surprises ", "disturbance or detached pleasure ", "a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare ", "the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . ", "finn ", "it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies . ", "highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda ", "to a new , self-deprecating level ", "sewer rats ", "sorrow ", "entertaining ride ", "is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor ", "baffling mixed platter ", "above-average thriller ", "you 're a jet all the way ", "puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less ", "that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to ", "of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results ", "many ways the perfect festival film : ", "a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron ", "money-grubbing ", "ultimately purposeless ", "talk down to them ", "their intelligence ", "'s a fun one . ", "fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . ", "too-conscientious ", "real psychological grounding ", "a cute alien creature ", "found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings ", "in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment ", "one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . ", "was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "it squanders chan 's uniqueness ", "like it was worth your seven bucks , ", "the film has an infectious enthusiasm and ", "kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . ", "a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know ", "by its lack of purpose ", "does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal ", "nothing but net ", "methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . ", "quirky and fearless ", "appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race ", ", it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ", "most genuinely sweet films ", "dreadfully earnest inversion ", "schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . ", "a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music ", "a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . ", "truly revelatory about his psyche ", "stuttering editing and pompous references ", "begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . ", "if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera ", "truly distinctive and ", "is top-notch ", "'s not trying to laugh at how bad ", "... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . ", "the most entertaining monster movies ", "the most moronic screenplays of the year ", "it 's exploitive without being insightful . ", "going to face frightening late fees ", "stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book ", "he 's just adjusting ", "for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . ", "with a hard-to-swallow premise ", "as director of the escort service was inspired ", "gentle , mesmerizing ", "you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... ", "by ryan gosling ", "i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ", "enjoyable ease ", "has stopped challenging himself ", "actually make a pretty good team ", "unsuccessfully ", "feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope ", "tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images ", "that the plot makes no sense ", "sophisticated in the worst way ", "their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential ", "tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . ", "i.e. , a banal spiritual quest ", "treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film ", "sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness ", "one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . ", "its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . ", "bracingly nasty ", "hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure ", "allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . ", "sometimes quite funny ", "addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic ", "too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up . ", "created a monster ", "manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . ", "has a bigger-name cast ", "the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "unturned ", "accused of being a bit undisciplined ", "needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting ", "a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp ", "` epic ", "a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others ", "a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . ", "the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and ", "nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego ", "built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids ", "leaden and dull ", "is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . ", "made it dull , lifeless , and irritating ", "do that is really funny ", "the wild wild west ", "not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . ", "repeating ", "revelled in the entertaining shallows ", "captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ", "so sloppy ", "( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . ", "a tart , smart breath of fresh air ", "is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be ", "thoughtful war films ", "one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ", "alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "a great party ", "richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , ", "typical anim\u00e9 , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . ", "up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah ", "is off-putting , ", "you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . ", "behind bars ", "'s a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre ", "in a downward narcotized spiral ", "too clear ", "begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . ", "of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . ", "have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ", "its ability to shock and amaze ", "make italian for beginners worth the journey ", "a halfway intriguing plot ", "have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags ", "genuinely funny ", "darkly funny and ", "suffocating rape-payback horror ", "the light-footed enchantment the material needs ", "affectingly ", "parker 's creative interference ", "holds you in rapt attention ", "a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh ", "you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger ", "those who are drying out from spring break ", "warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer ", "like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story ", "a masterful work of art of their own ", "woe ", "inventive moments ", "the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects ", "druggy and self-indulgent ", "is funny , touching , smart and complicated ", "is funny , charming and quirky ", "short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . ", "the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . ", "a good yarn -- ", "( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . ", "where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves ", "as its larger themes ", "extant stardom ", "deeply meditative ", "epiphanies ", "smart and ", "ghandi ", "failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs ", "writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . ", "( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . ", "we make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity ", "casual and fun ", "would be easy for critics to shred it ", "realism , crisp storytelling ", "what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . ", ", so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating ", "delights and simmering ", "outshined ", "regret and , ultimately , ", "i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and ", "listless , witless , and ", "to a small star with big heart ", "are beautiful ", "thoughtful and unflinching ", "a confusing drudgery . ", "close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "creates an impeccable sense of place , ", "to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy ", "i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese ", "'ll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . ", "you 're likely to see all year . ", "this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . ", "normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable ", "i last walked out on a movie ", "violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining ", "... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! ", "contrived , nonsensical and formulaic ", "is often preachy ", "above the run-of-the-mill singles blender ", "often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy ", "sad but endearing ", "too few ", "brilliant and brutal ", "no-surprise ", "flatula ", "to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes ", "this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity ", "said the film was better than saving private ryan . ", "win you over , in a big way ", "like acid ", "avalanche ", "studio hack ", "nalin ", "supremely good ", "watching your favorite pet get buried alive ", "are uniformly good ", "make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . ", "threw medical equipment at a window ", "deserves a place of honor next to nanook ", "well-paced and ultimately ", "the urbane sweetness ", "rediscovers ", "dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances ", "by shooting itself in the foot ", "fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters ", "no big whoop ", "'s not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . ", "is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture ", "take the grandkids or the grandparents ", "( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ... ", "a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as ", "have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted ", "collapses under its own meager weight ", "juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks ", "green men ", "would have a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' ", "the young stars are too cute ; ", "randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing ", "sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , ", "puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . ", "translate well to film ", "the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . ", "constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , ", "enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school ", "while the humor is recognizably plympton ", "stock plot ", "a laugh riot ", "the film , flaws and ", "it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . ", "future-world ", "lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension ", "endless ", "is creepy ", ", interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . ", "carries us effortlessly from darkness ", "smile-button faces ", "leaves something to be desired ", "weirdo actor crispin glover ", "rude and profane ", "crude ", "proves it 's never too late to learn ", "this date-night diversion ", "frothing ", "at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) ", "the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . ", "upon layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "a ghost story gone badly awry ", "lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison ", "this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! ", "argento ", "critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure ", "inspiration and ambition ", "a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama ", "is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ", "is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price ", "birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . ", "instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . ", "it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time ", "smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play ", "as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy ", "shallow ", "1993 classic ", "also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . ", ", you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort ", "stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense ", "knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . ", "in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ", "audience falls asleep ", "'s no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater ", "longer exposition sequences between them ", "morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating ", "a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich ", "phenomenal , water-born cinematography ", "drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing ", "shows crushingly little curiosity about ", "the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack ", "in this romantic comedy ", "certainly the performances are worthwhile . ", "such subtlety and warmth ", "then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ", "while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . ", "following up a delightful , well-crafted family film ", "memorable film ", "a tidal wave of plot ", "appeals to you ", "in the present ", "concept doofus ", "is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love ", "about a domestic unit finding their way to joy ", "the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . ", "a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor ", "a superior crime movie ", "relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message ", "( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . ", "dime-store psychology ", "stylish tracking shots ", "a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done ", "self-conscious art drivel ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident ", "solid , satisfying ", "fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs ", "almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . ", "hypocritical work ", "would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . ", "it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . ", "dreary expanse ", "torments ", "its premise is smart , but ", "to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "is great ", "one viewing ca n't possibly be enough ", "a winning comedy with its wry observations ", "who cares ? ", "hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . ", "form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people ", "is robotically italicized ", "its 112-minute length ", "unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness ", "it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "slow . ", "by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course ", "truly excellent ", "to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff ", "but no-nonsense human beings they are and ", "that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot ", "up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action ", "is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition ", "oblivious to the existence of this film ", "casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , ", "crass and insulting ", "even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension ", "be best forgotten ", "to squander jennifer love hewitt ", "has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero ", "but it was n't horrible either ", "of the great crimes ", "a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme ", "low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard ", "any age ", "sometimes murky , always brooding look ", "unrewarding collar ", "littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . ", "talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , ", "a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows ", "green ruins every single scene he 's in , and ", "of the big summer movies ", "is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . ", "lively intelligence ", "like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking ", "a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . ", "of the year 's best films ", "will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone ", "a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , ", "is solid , satisfying fare for adults . ", "fearlessly ", "terrific , sweaty-palmed fun ", "to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and ", "starving and ", ", it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . ", "it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point ", "the fist is hilarious ", "how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in ", "if it pushes its agenda too forcefully ", "this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "sharp and ", "carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others ", "of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it ", ", lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , ", "a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . ", ", it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . ", ", purposeless ", "is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit ", "this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . ", "enigma is well-made ", "mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ", ", the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . ", "gritty police thriller ", "strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but ", "can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "is as often imaginative as it is gory ", "a-list director ", ", well-made b movie ", "profundity ", "this long and relentlessly saccharine film ", "more enjoyable than its predecessor ", ", it 's not very good either . ", "cleverness , wit or ", "is generally quite funny ", "fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides ", ", it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . ", "ethnic sleeper ", "yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy ", "but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . ", "to this film that may not always work ", "its leaden acting , dull exposition and ", "turns that ", "quite endearing . ", "acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts ", "sad ", "such a dependable concept was botched in execution ", "she 's appealingly manic and energetic . ", "have to pay if you want to see it ", "achingly sad ", "a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness . ", "grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun ", "that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i ", "a larger-than-life figure , ", "a celebrated wonder ", "into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances ", "all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate ", "wonderful film to bring to imax ", "overwrought ending ", "captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better ", "some cute moments , funny scenes ", "is greatness here . ", "try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . ", "it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring ", "are included ", "hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff ", "of this sad , compulsive life ", "loosely tied ", "if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . ", "marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture ", "much of the writing is genuinely witty ", "holds you ", "that already knows it 's won ", "sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material ", "'s a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . ", "donovan ... squanders his main asset ", "bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . ", "suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused ", "it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative ", "the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . ", ", lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... ", "great and a terrible story ", "the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . ", "goodness ", ", any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . ", "capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere ", "the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell ", "huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine ", "uninspired preachy and clich\u00e9d war ", "phlegmatic bore ", "would be better as a diary or documentary ", "intoxicating atmosphere ", "building up to the climactic burst of violence ", "sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches ", "paced and satisfying ", "quirky and satirical touches ", "would know what to make of this italian freakshow ", "the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", ", cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' ", ", it does so without compromising that complexity . ", "the story is just too clich\u00e9d and too often strains credulity ", "nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants ", "worthy successor ", "inane ", "like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . ", "mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . ", "emerging in world cinema ", "was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be ", "highly uneven and ", "pick up the slack ", "depict the french revolution ", "love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has ", "'s a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance ", ", stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . ", "is well-made ", "yet depressing ", "stomach-knotting suspense ", "underdone ", "emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective ", "inconsequential move ", "yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . ", "sinks . ", "an awful lot like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . ", "where 's the movie here ? ", "overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels ", "interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen ", "scary-funny ", ", ' i feel better already . ", "deserve a passing grade ", "of knucklehead swill ", "eerily accurate ", "relied too much on convention ", "from a flat script and a low budget ", "is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all ", "such a stultifying ", "coarse , cliched and clunky ", "is spot ", "about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ", "into a fascinating part of theater history ", "is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . ", "competent , unpretentious entertainment ", "is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "her third feature will be something to behold ", "if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck . ", "if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions ", "a high-end john hughes comedy ", "visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid ", "trouble every day is a success in some sense , ", "its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . ", "authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say ", "handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly ", "that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is ", "misfire ", "is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . ", "the visual panache , the comic touch , and ", "'s all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . ", "hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter ", "let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ", "you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma ", "as bored ", ", meandering , and sometimes dry ", "charm and charisma ", "this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . ", "linklater ", "amusedly ", "sappy and amateurish ", "a wry , affectionate delight ", "ordinary and ", "a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . ", "christian love ", ", something is rotten in the state of california ", "occasional jarring glimpses ", "the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . ", "offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . ", "concentrates far too much ", "deserves a better vehicle ", "say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here ", "the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games ", "strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends ", "of deja vu ", "as compelling or as believable ", "'s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow ", "can actually feel good ", "with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . ", "is one of this year 's very best pictures . ", "that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "even dies . ", "an amateurish screenplay ", "'s soulful and unslick ", "wang ) ", "big heart ", "seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look ", "is a step down ", "laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , ", "dramatic snapshot ", "snow dogs deserves every single one of them ", "is frustratingly unconvincing . ", "mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun ", "misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ", "hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "precious circumstances ", "an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers ", "while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . ", "gives added clout to this doc ", "the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy ", "a real shame ", "frantic than involving , ", "starts off witty and sophisticated ", "about the pitfalls of bad behavior ", "show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations ", "not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . ", "examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . ", "dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation ", "the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium ", "that most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 has been unturned ", "hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you ", "cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ", "an intensely lived time , ", "for great cinema ", "at least three films ", "spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . ", "a sappy , preachy one at that ", "of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists ", "lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . ", "rah-rah ", "an ) ", "'s still quite worth seeing ", "ca n't miss it ", "harmless fun . ", "'s a terrible movie in every regard , and ", "of being able to give full performances ", "sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations ", "the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling ", "simply astounding ", "passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears ", "will no doubt ", "determined , ennui-hobbled ", ", miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . ", "a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . ", "the guise of a modern motion picture ", "fessenden continues to do interesting work , ", "as fresh or enjoyable ", "with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn ", "the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ", "faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a ", "some real vitality and even art ", "misery ", "seems more tacky and reprehensible ", "a predictable , manipulative stinker ", "reaffirms life ", "appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction ", ", the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . ", "if you love him , you 'll like it . ", "indescribably bad ", "remarkable piece ", "as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at ", "tender hug ", "possible angle ", "one it follows into melodrama and silliness ", "excellent use of music ", "showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . ", "delivering oscar-caliber performances ", "were any more of a turkey ", "i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . ", "popcorn thriller ", "to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "out there ! ", "a lot of stamina and vitality ", "but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence ", "the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . ", "it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . ", "with actorish notations on the margin of acting ", "it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received ", "'s low on both suspense and payoff ", "high drama , disney-style ", "an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so ", "'s painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ", "whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter ", "the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) ", "jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time ", "of good actors ", "adaptation is intricately constructed and ", "by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject ", "that we have come to love ", "there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . ", "you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ", "winning actor ", "in such odd plot ", "the story is bogus and ", "its moment ", "even if you 've seen `` stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! ", "this rude and crude film ", "is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . ", "funny and ", "made me want to pack raw dough in my ears ", "stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . ", "sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours ", "upbeat ending ", "gets a lot of flavor and spice ", "drops the ball ", "would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative ", "sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss ", "are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . ", "this listless feature will win him any new viewers ", ", so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . ", "outside his grasp ", "a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... ", "its own pretentious self-examination ", "to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . ", "weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past ", "that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes ", "does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes ", "yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner ", "humorless and ", "provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen ", "thoughtful ", ", as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable ", "a frightening and compelling ", "a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill ", "the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities ", "driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich\u00e9 left unsaid . ", "deeply moving french drama ", "it is definitely worth seeing . ", ", the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . ", "are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation ", "the magnificent jackie chan ", "slump ", "although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . ", "have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not ", "sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' ", "genre a bad name . ", "whiny pouty-lipped poof ", "heavy-handed ", "completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . ", "a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ", "it almost loses what made you love it ", "nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters ", "moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy ", "it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and ", "the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence ", "could hardly ask for more . ", "'s like dying and going to celluloid heaven ", "the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast ", "is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally ", "to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic ", "has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ", "subtlety and acumen ", "political and psychological thriller ", "admirable rigor ", "most watchable ", "watch people ", "amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio ", "are served with a hack script ", "and flat-out farce ", "a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry ", "you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . ", "psychological thriller ", "cinematic punishment ", "does n't have anything really interesting to say . ", "a slice of american pie hijinks ", "scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . ", "frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home ", "mixed up ", "bore ", "the shackles of its own clich\u00e9s ", "the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . ", "a striking new significance for anyone ", "a perceptive , good-natured movie . ", "brutally honest and ", "the dream world of teen life ", "the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . ", "never clearly defines his characters ", "the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; ", "a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . ", "giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment ", "ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... ", "funny scenes ", "of sly humor ", "uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels ", "nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction ", "goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "worm its way into your heart ", "does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences ", "more and more abhorrent ", "she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ", "onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ", "a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . ", "susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , ", "and resourceful hero ", "is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . ", "( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it ", "innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning ", "that will enthrall the whole family ", "thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . ", "tormented by his heritage ", "as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . ", "an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes ", "good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . ", "there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . ", "where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' ", "easy to watch ", "a breezy blend ", "into something provocative , rich , and strange ", ", the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . ", "we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , ", "much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich\u00e9 . ", "fails to arrive at any satisfying destination ", "dragon ", "saccharine genre ", "torments and ", "about each other against all odds ", ", circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . ", "is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact ", "keep things interesting ", "it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert ", "victim to sloppy plotting ", "one-hour mark ", "in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world ", "unflinching look ", "a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . ", "bad film you thought was going to be really awful ", "you can feel the love . ", "with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . ", "an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare ", "those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness ", "amusedly , ", "schticky ", "seems as funny ", "disaster ", "such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting ", "i did n't find much fascination in the swinging . ", "a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . ", "funnier version of the old police academy flicks . ", "bad acting ", "brilliantly played ", "the empty theaters ", "its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor ", "'s a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . ", "is to be mesmerised ", "even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out ", "a bland , pretentious mess . ", "a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it ", "neatly and effectively ", "a strong dramatic and emotional pull ", "so impersonal or even shallow ", "has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . ", "authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study ", "have pulled off four similar kidnappings before ", "flat and ", "of a genre gem ", "invite ", "the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ", "the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos ", "overworked ", "tenacious ", "this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . ", "the narration helps little ", "this bad ", "defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome ", "exploitative for the art houses and too cynical ", "make a pretty good team ", "guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) ", "what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , ", "a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from ", "you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . ", "bull sessions ", "succeed in alienating most viewers ", "combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' ", "this interminable , shapeless documentary ", "confident , richly ", "ravishing waif ", "its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' ", "( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters ", "filming the teeming life on the reefs ", "for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance ", "the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . ", "great credit ", "but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds ", "goes right ", "even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel ", "the french lieutenant 's woman ", "very effective ", "been this disappointed by a movie in a long time ", "deeply absorbing ", "like a wet burlap sack of gloom ", "a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama ", "a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art ", "moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . ", "alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes . ", "to convey a sense of childhood imagination ", "if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers ", ", the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . ", "like a student film ", "undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering ", "is one of the greatest date movies in years . ", "it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' ", "to good actors ", "unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . ", "the ` laughing ", "the wonderful cinematography and ", "its elegantly colorful look and ", "reasonably entertaining ", "that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", ", obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and ", "nice album ", "boozy ", "a feel-good movie ", "dull . ", "most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . ", "stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . ", "the good-time shenanigans ", "bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness ", "standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth ", "a tremendous piece of work . ", "new age ", "in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance ", "the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers ", "manage to be spectacularly outrageous ", "not great ", "tiresomely ", "it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . ", "fails to keep it up and ", ", queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . ", "transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange ", "an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and ", "working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "overcome bad hair design ", "of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation ", "vainly , i think ", "a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . ", "that crawls along at a snail 's pace ", "us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them ", "make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable ", "with a bright future ahead of him ", "unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , ", "wannabe-hip crime comedy ", "the film 's crisp , unaffected style and ", "it has fun with the quirks of family life ", "victorious ", "a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works ", "dullest tangents ", "there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? ", "are side stories aplenty ", "than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline ", "while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . ", "all unfolds predictably ", "find the small , human moments ", "illogic ", "a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . ", "has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face ", "intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . ", "the effort is gratefully received ", "desperation worthy ", ", i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . ", "the pitfalls ", "seriously intended ", "such exuberance and passion ", "pathetically compare notes about their budding amours ", "a potentially good comic premise ", "the price of admission for the ridicule factor ", "more than capable ", "is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age ", "without placing their parents in a coma-like state ", "that he 's the best brush in the business ", "terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects ", "lavish formalism ", "all menace and atmosphere ", "despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places ", ", the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . ", "insane comic ", "an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama ", "raised to a new , self-deprecating level ", "wedding ", "into a dreary , humorless soap opera ", "a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence ", "they cheapen the overall effect . ", "falls apart ", "a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days ", "more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . ", "breathless anticipation ", "a work of enthralling drama ", "as a remake , it 's a pale imitation . ", "has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and ", "a hugely rewarding experience ", "the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . ", "unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . ", "another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie ", "observations on the human condition ", "this is one of the year 's best films . ", "deeply meditative picture ", "one-trick pony ", "sub-formulaic slap ", "a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . ", "in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity ", "award-winning ", "shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper ", "the tedium ", "to one of those ignorant ", "sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history ", ", it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . ", "cheap clich\u00e9 ", "the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . ", "a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ", "good alternative ", "i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one ", "repeated ", "the most awful acts ", "inspiring or insightful ", "an intelligent flick ", "a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman ", "just another disjointed ", "it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed ", "is a sweet treasure and something well worth ", "will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor ", "if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . ", "winning family story ", "his boisterous energy ", "feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied ", "so many red herrings , so many false scares , ", "b-movie you ", "are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ", "you love the music ", "naive dreams ", "blazingly alive and admirable ", "more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . ", "not for every taste ", "in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . ", "the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating ", "unsurprising ", "perfect black pearls ", "a remarkably faithful one ", "there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . ", "-- and timely -- ", "appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived ", "it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . ", "acute expressiveness ", "tried as a war criminal ", "third time 's the charm ... ", "female friendship , ", "the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and ", "lynch , jeunet , and von trier ", "the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated ", "take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act ", "plummets ", "has been ", "a golden book sprung to life ", "ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' ", "is too heady for children , and too preachy ", "drunken ", "emphasis ", "come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . ", "yes , that 's right ", "inimitable scenes ", "'s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . ", ", it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . ", "works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon ", "a gorgeous color palette ", "brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein ", "tremendous skill ", "a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . ", "it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . ", "that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "burns 's strongest film ", "of its inventiveness ", "it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . ", "as a low-budget series on a uhf channel ", "that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable ", "less than the sum of its underventilated p\u00e8re-fils confrontations ", "a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us ", "it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . ", "a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- ", "was a freshman fluke ", "prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece ", "cheap , graceless , hackneyed ", "the preachy ", "punching up the mix ", "spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . ", "besotted and obvious ", "perceptive , good-natured movie ", "a genuine and singular artist ", "it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . ", "that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . ", "the hype ", "a hip comedy ", "terrific screenplay ", "is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . ", "high-profile name ", "shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- ", "one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ", "a been-there , done-that sameness ", "realize , much to our dismay , ", "relegated to a dark video store corner ", "you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . ", "a solidly entertaining little film . ", "yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination ", "fancy ", "no ", "feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids ", "has a rather unique approach to documentary . ", "just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . ", "a series of riveting set pieces ", "on an intoxicating show ", "got it right ", "the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries ", "been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy ", "interesting storytelling devices ", "as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots ", "a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light ", "had a wonderful account to work from ", "for something new ", "a sensitive and astute ", "however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . ", "of sensual delights and simmering violence ", "are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . ", "contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen ", "can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today ", "has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story ", "together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire ", "impressive and highly entertaining celebration ", "silly and tedious ", "tears welled up in my eyes both times ", "be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen ", "as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ", "that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . ", "you wish you had n't seen ", "forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting ", "a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points ", "dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film ", "a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world ", "welcome step ", "wonderous accomplishment ", "tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . ", "preposterous moments ", "sweet , even delectable diversion ", "despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . ", "for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already ", "is really , really stupid ", "edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "'s not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ", ", i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . ", "for kids or their parents ", "most appealing ", "do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ", "and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . ", "unhappy ", "with remarkable skill ", "its clever concept ", "berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years ", "she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon ", "impressive and yet lacking about everything ", "impressively delicate range ", "have made it an exhilarating ", "real americans ", "a great film noir ", "let-down ", "heartwarming ", "with its own solemn insights ", "droll whimsy ", "it irrigates our souls . ", "it 's an unhappy situation all around . ", "amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship ", "the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery ", "emotionally belittle a cinema classic . ", "moments of hilarity ", "with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure ", "messy and frustrating ", "is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism ", "a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . ", "condescending stereotypes ", "depress you about life itself ", "you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . ", "as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . ", "just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving ", "is superficial ", "sloppy plotting ", "minded patience , respect and affection ", "not to be moved by this drama ", "genuinely enthusiastic ", "so bleak ", "make you feel like a sucker ", "'s plenty to offend everyone ... ", "skimpy ", "features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . ", "ensures ", "even better than the first one ", "lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair ", "repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , ", "characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "crummy ", "predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor ", "although this idea is `` new '' ", "a predictable , manipulative stinker . ", "as a call for pity and sympathy ", "human nature should be ingratiating ", "while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . ", "and altogether creepy ", "besson has written in years ", "'m not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about ", "'s drab . ", "zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and ", "slam-bang ", "it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie ", "processed comedy ", ", it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . ", "slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ", "mistake . ", "an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . ", "a glorious dose ", "turd squashed ", "the big ending surprise ", "it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but ", "to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "built for controversy ", "the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , ", "that is sure to win viewers ' hearts ", "manic ", "classic movie franchise ", "viva le resistance ! ", "slapstick sequences ", "the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art ", "treat ", "the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . ", "the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", "death ", "of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug ", "a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment ", "the obnoxious title character ", "an all-time low for kevin costner ", "that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and ", "any recent film , independent or otherwise , ", "i did n't laugh . ", ", storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . ", "down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito ", "generate a lot of energy ", "should drop everything and run to ichi ", "keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste ", "admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace ", "from bill plympton , the animation master , ", "this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . ", "... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and ", "for only 71 minutes ", "plotless ", "filled with honest performances and exceptional detail ", "it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . ", "sophomoric ", "has much to learn ", "too shallow for an older one . ", "collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush ", "just how bad it was ", ") meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot ", "walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost ", "fires on all plasma conduits ", "a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style ", "this quirky soccer import is forgettable ", "an engaging , wide-eyed actress ", "the transcendent performance ", "that was followed by the bad idea ", "amaze ", "ca n't quite live up to it ", "the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing ", "fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ", "a sense of childhood imagination ", "is that it 's actually watchable . ", "manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . ", "to show us a good time ", "is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly ", "the same old garbage ", "how much he runs around and acts like a doofus ", "would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . ", "an overly sillified plot ", "makes it work more than it probably should ", "do n't even like their characters ", "for people who make movies and watch them ", "of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live ", "the acting is just fine , ", "tired , talky ", "the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . ", "in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks ", "of holes and completely lacking in chills ", "complex than your average film ", "picture-perfect life ", "innocent , ", "return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market ", "a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it ", "there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff ", "narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann ", "juice and delight ", "winning shot ", "is a superior horror flick ", "effortless ", "for the under-7 crowd ", "'s kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . ", "than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades ", "rightly ", "half-baked setups and ", "that encompasses many more paths than we started with ", "gaping ", "is surprisingly refreshing . ", "very much worth ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue ", "this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . ", "none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising ", "glum ", "have that kind of impact on me these days ", "rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . ", "simple misfire ", "holds interest ", "grows on you . ", "devastating testimony ", "with pointless extremes ", "'s the sweet cinderella story ", "that the franchise 's best years are long past ", "the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it ", "unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . ", "independent or ", "is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama ", "terrorists are more evil than ever ! ", "heart and humor ", "with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie ", "a tasteful , intelligent manner ", "getting the better of obnoxious adults ", "fine music ", "it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy ", "an aimlessness ", "wonderful thing ", "most brilliant and brutal ", "brittle desperation ", "inspiring and pure ", "chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ", "set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york . ", "gets under our skin and draws us in long ", "delightful in the central role ", "vibrantly colored and beautifully designed ", "the all-time great apocalypse movies ", ", look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls ", "starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ", "is nothing in it to engage children emotionally ", "like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility ", "have been lost in the translation this time ", "the limited chemistry ", "for a winning , heartwarming yarn ", ", you 'd better have a good alternative ", ", sordid universe ", "burning , blasting , stabbing ", "'m sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ", "this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . ", "the film never feels derivative ", "who cares ? ) . ", "will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . ", "no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time ", "is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing ", "sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell ", "love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . ", "gives poor dana carvey nothing ", "huppert ... is magnificent ", "a student film ", "comes off as a pale successor ", "evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . ", "mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material ", "the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions ", "the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ", "'s also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . ", "... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . ", "hoary ", "is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be ", "this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one . ", "suffers from a flat script and a low budget . ", "artistic transcendence ", "some comic sparks ", "a dullard ", "crude humor and vulgar innuendo ", "a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . ", "top form ", "feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off ", "darker ", "has kind of an authentic feel ", "impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise ", "the rest of the film ... is dudsville . ", "is that it 's far too sentimental ", "oscar-nominated ", "to be interesting ", "takes to describe how bad it is ", "has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one ", "feeling this movie ", "the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman ", "a potent chemistry ", "concrete story and definitive answers ", "'s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly ", "a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy ", "lost in the murk of its own making ", ", however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . ", "rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ", "no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain ", "something clever ", "some fine acting ", "eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made ", "adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining ", "comfort ", "you think , zzzzzzzzz ", "you 'll love this movie . ", "indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ", "fluid and mesmerizing ", "unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades ", "the best films ", "the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . ", "good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . ", "should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler ", "of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . ", "glucose sentimentality and ", "is extremely funny ", "'s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . ", "overlong and ", "with his talent ", "embraces it , energizes it ", "it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; ", "can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . ", "overweight and out of shape ", "it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . ", "susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "caffeinated , sloppy ", "with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . ", "found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . ", "poorly staged ", "everybody else is in the background ", "a deceptively simple premise ", "because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm ", "never gets off the ground . ", "all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness ", "no explanation or even plot relevance ", "a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . ", "perfect family film ", "enthralling aesthetic experience ", "would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ", "walked out on a movie ", "spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . ", "every note rings false . ", "eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "'s difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting ", "a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit ", "sophomore slump ", "so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ", "of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema ", "may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit ", "easy to love robin tunney ", "( other than the very sluggish pace ) ", "nuanced performance ", "a ripping good yarn is told . ", "shot like a postcard and ", "a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . ", "is one baaaaaaaaad movie . ", "cobbled together out of older movies ", ", thought-provoking new york fest ", "an admirable rigor ", "the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . ", "from its sleazy moralizing ", "a worthless film ", "kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . ", "in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter ", "blow it off the screen ", "changing lanes tries for more . ", "does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music ", "we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is ", "a slice of counterculture ", "to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough ", "plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' ", "are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . ", "a high-minded snoozer . ", "a total lack of empathy ", "you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids ", "is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings ", "'ll only put you to sleep . ", "astonishingly condescending ", "made tucker a star ", "the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . ", "of splendid performances ", "using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook ", "durable ", "lulled into a coma ", "back with the astonishing revelation ", "you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch ", "promisingly ", "a ship as leaky ", "murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , ", "is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama ", "have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ", "to believe that something so short could be so flabby ", "open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ", ", the stories are quietly moving . ", "savvy ", "... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . ", "a lousy one at that ", "one level ", "charm or texture ", "for a barf bag ", "is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . ", "a powerful , inflammatory film ", "irresistible package ", "to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends ", "the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks ", "the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films ", "but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . ", "give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . ", "create characters ", "incurably romantic ", "us love it , too . ", "fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer ", ", rohmer 's talky films fascinate me ", "a sloppy slapstick ", "the film has several strong performances . ", "come during that final , beautiful scene ", "start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . ", ", byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . ", "however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . ", "it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it ", "the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . ", "get inside you ", "vicious and ", "this is n't a new idea . ", "found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally ", "moving and weighty depiction ", "sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards ", "the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people ", "-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english ", "second helpings ", "evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes ", "xxx is a blast of adrenalin , ", "director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ", ", paralyzed ", "after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . ", "deserves to be seen everywhere ", "symbolic examination ", "nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose ", "no character ", "about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern ", "considerable wit ", "looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting ", "store for unwary viewers ", "oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique ", "derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always ", "does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter ", "almost no organic intrigue ", "makes its message resonate ", "will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . ", "treads heavily ", "from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american ", "that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them ", "trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible ", "barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested ", "breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people ", "'ll see a better thriller this year ", "pity and ", "a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits ", "'s hardly a necessary enterprise . ", "they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . ", "war 's ", "of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface ", "cheapening ", "hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "dull girl ", "it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . ", "go wrong ", "is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures ", "humanly funny film ", "it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . ", "without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ", "most poorly staged ", "a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life ", "illustrated by a winning family story . ", "the image that really tells the tale ", "in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition ", "searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ", "more often than not hits the bullseye ", "only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond ", "has become the master of innuendo . ", "can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) ", "it is a copy of a copy of a copy ", "sexy and ", "( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . ", ", for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life ", "cute animals ", "the dialogue frequently misses the mark ", "there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; ", ", it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . ", "rode the zipper ", "is milked ", "bloody beauty as vivid ", "smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play . ", "please history fans ", "'s as entertaining ", "'ll only put you to sleep ", "underdone potato ", "sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer ", "both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right ", "cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated ", "on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling ", "with a flimsy ending ", "the characters are based on stock clich\u00e9s , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . ", "brutally clueless ", "will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . ", "with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . ", "a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . ", "second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds ", "lots of obvious political insights ", "bizarre ", "banality ", "natural-seeming actors ", "one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms ", "some intelligent observations ", "88 minutes of exaggerated action ", "that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . ", "many insightful moments . ", "often hilarious ", "meal ", "should stick to his day job . ", "will linger long after this film has ended . ", "damned ", "may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . ", "making kahlo 's art a living ", "takes hold and grips hard ", "'s as hard to classify as it is hard to resist ", "the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots ", "a new kind of high ", "lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest ", "the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action ", "is a success in some sense ", "rises above the level of a telanovela . ", "low rent from frame one . ", "thought out ", "a life interestingly ", "a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining ", "it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ", "there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . ", "some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights ", "energetic ", "'s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . ", "be lost on the target audience ", "impersonal , almost generic ", "of the human heart ", ", martin is a masterfully conducted work . ", "should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad ", "do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some ", "an excellent 90-minute film ", "motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover ", "there are moments of hilarity to be had . ", "superfluous sequel ", "experienced ", "if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . ", "well-defined sense ", "a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget ", "like the best 60 minutes expos\u00e9 , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . ", "england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing ", "the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . ", "the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations ", "the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . ", "character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her ", "is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive ", "he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . ", "humorous ", "'s something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message ", "of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in ", "should catch this imax offering . ", "was more diverting and thought-provoking ", "unusual biopic and document ", "likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine ", "the con ", "delightful cast ", "in reverse ", "uncompelling ", "a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life ", "this aging series ", "darkly funny ", "not a strike ", "balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams ", "liked it just enough . ", "mess . ", "a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus ", "does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . ", "into one good one ", "about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise ", "fast and funny , ", "it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . ", "sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . ", "an actress she is ", "so exaggerated and broad ", "is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . ", "tub-thumpingly ", "grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . ", "take you down a familiar road with a few twists ", "scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug ", "refusal ", "though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency ", "and dreary piece ", "as a pale successor ", "overstimulated ", "is ingenious fun ", "a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . ", "remind one of a really solid woody allen film , ", "ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context ", "utterly charming ", "yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . ", "rising above similar fare ", "( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but ", "should please history fans ", "the historical , philosophical , and ", "with no good inside dope , and no particular bite ", "the condescending stereotypes ", "dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . ", "mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . ", "by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . ", "enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse ", "makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it ", "well-worn situations ", "'s no conversion effort ", "creep ", "with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver ", "aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash ", "go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches ", "little too obvious , but ", "it 's an ambitious film , ", "at a failure of our justice system ", "has several strong performances . ", "-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- ", "i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master ", "the better of obnoxious adults ", "a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative ", "is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . ", "well-mounted history lesson ", "charming but slight comedy ", "the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . ", "disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes ", "burn the negative and the script and ", "a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ", "as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances ", "tensions ", "one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- ", "a witty , whimsical feature debut ", "is more in love with strangeness than excellence . ", "and pat storytelling ", "the film has some of the best special effects ever ", "refreshingly realistic ", "ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away ", "has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but ", "of ghandi gone bad ", "own brilliance ", "built-in audience ", "fascinating and ", "( a ) soulless ", "'s funny , ", "does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . ", "extremely languorous rhythms ", "so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price ", "any awards ", "who deserve but rarely receive it ", "soap opera-ish story ", "everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view . ", "better to do with 94 minutes ", "is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation ", "enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "buoyant romantic comedy ", "demands and receives excellent performances ", "the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure ", "pummel us ", "derivative and hammily acted . ", "it were that grand a failure ", "george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . ", "an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . ", "paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and ", "a surgeon mends a broken heart ", "well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights ", ", ghastly ", "of bland comfort food ", "you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes ", "intricate magic ", "jarring shocks ", "a forceful drama ", "tragically ", "equally assured ", "be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film ", "half the excitement of balto , ", "when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? ", "holds up well ", "gasp , shudder ", "bottom-feeder sequel ", "family fundamentals gets you riled up ", "humorous and heartfelt , ", "quietly inspirational ", "director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , ", "a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . ", "engaged ", "marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain ", "the problematic script ", "feel good ", "has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . ", "despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . ", "does n't leave you with much ", "as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams ", "touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance ", "that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "emptiness ", "its surprises ", "say something about its subjects ", "comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries ", "campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . ", "( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "to the dullest irish pub scenes ", "a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' ", "a brazil-like , hyper-real satire ", "absurd lengths ", "of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater ", "the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . ", "care ", "done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment . ", "it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and ", "as good , ", "uplifter ", "captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . ", "a choppy , surface-effect feeling ", "a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters ", "are simply dazzling , ", "eating , sleeping and stress-reducing ", "at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself ", "most sincere and artful ", ", i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . ", "the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter ", "born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues ", "... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . ", "for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . ", "a lot of problems ", "kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . ", "in spite of its predictability ", "if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing ", "both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . ", "while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . ", "told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . ", "the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create . ", "the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) ", "takes every potential laugh ", "with honest performances and exceptional detail ", "seems embarrassed ", "done that ... a thousand times already ", "it 's a ripper of a yarn and ", "an enjoyable ", "cute animals and ", "that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up ", "is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle ", "apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . ", "delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy ", "natural and lovely ", "is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . ", "highly-praised ", "generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull ", "love and humility ", "four star performance ", "ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . ", "the story ... is hackneyed ", "for leonard ", "good job ", "two-way ", "if also somewhat hermetic . ", "powder blues ", "i liked the movie , ", "on the monster 's path of destruction ", "fontaine masterfully ", "did n't know what kind of movie they were making ", "one of the best films ", "the annoyance ", "seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . ", "worst thing ", "will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . ", "fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . ", "that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ... ", "to fulfill its own ambitious goals ", "my ribcage ", "brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , ", "looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . ", "guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . ", "downbeat ", "downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves ", "becomes lifeless and ", "takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights ", "intense political and psychological thriller ", "continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . ", "the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had ", "skillful ", "dragonfly ", "serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey ", "us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable ", "and twisted characters ", "'s needed so badly but what is virtually absent ", "a powerfully evocative mood ", "got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length . ", "beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images ", "is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films ", "treading water at best in this forgettable effort ", "being surprisingly dull ", "its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through ", "a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic ", "a successful adaptation ", "takes every potential laugh and ", "wrapping the theater ", "the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . ", "she gets to fulfill her dreams ", "no justice ", "probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . ", "check your brain ", "impossible , irrevocable choices ", "a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding ", "it also happens to be good ", "be depressing ", "this supposedly funny movie ", "small , personal film ", "the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . ", "capture the minds and hearts of many ", "brave and ", "contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . ", "'s too loud to shout insults at the screen ", "seem tired and , what 's worse , routine ", "hilariously , gloriously alive ", "relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial ", "when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust ", "high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience . ", "screenplay or ", "spits out ", "terrific effort ", "definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with ", "see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence ", "shooting itself in the foot ", "to the road warrior ", "kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , ", "great companion piece ", "'s the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "coming-of-age film ", "stallion of the cimarron is a winner . ", "to term an `` ambitious failure ", "good actors , even kingsley ", "to check your brain at the door ", "hard to care ", "described as a ghost story gone badly awry . ", "sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting ", "high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue ", ", profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . ", "even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament ", "wit to keep parents away from the concession stand ", "for its extraordinary intelligence and originality ", "ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- ", "grumbling ", "elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe ", "pouty-lipped poof ", ", this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . ", "what 's missing from this material ", "in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "the worst of tragedies ", "the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . ", "'s horribly depressing and not very well done . ", "that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one ", "even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . ", "lets the pictures do the punching ", "of masterpiece ", "respects ", "a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood ", "what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera ", "we 're seeing something purer than the real thing ", "are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "'s fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland ", "you missed the point ", "of being a bit undisciplined ", "her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , ", "an absolute delight ", "the film its flaws ", "deserves a look ", "that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable ", "is lacking ", "be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form ", "are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination ", "blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . ", "this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . ", "a funny and well-contructed black comedy ", "with more emotional force than any other recent film ", "it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . ", "happily ", "is both inspiring and pure joy ", "a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that . ", "of profound characterizations ", "their story is predictable ", "a subzero version ", "jet ", "a convincing brogue ", "interplay and utter lack ", "equal laughs ", "a satisfying summer blockbuster and ", "falls apart like a cheap lawn chair ", "are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . ", "are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance ", "luridly graphic and ", "elegant technology for the masses -- ", "wo n't enjoy the movie at all ", "growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and ", ", it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . ", "rare and lightly entertaining ", "the film 's hero is a bore ", "sick and twisted ", "but unfortunately also ", "the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork ", "'s a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . ", "all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . ", "intelligent humor ", "for no one ", "to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ", "hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . ", "it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . ", "politics ", "never comes close to being either funny or scary ", "big stars and high production values ", "worst kind ", "is impressive . ", "eloquence , spiritual challenge ", "period-piece movie-of-the-week ", "to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies ", "is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . ", "coma ", "can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . ", "would stoop so low ", "all its effective moments ", "cheap ", "nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . ", "one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . ", "unencouraging threefold expansion ", "turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long ", "inadvertently sidesplitting it ", "anti-semitism and neo-fascism ", "becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair ", "its execution and skill of its cast ", "too much syrup ", "has never been more charming than in about a boy ", ", it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . ", "change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning ", "is high on squaddie banter , low ", "a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god ", "a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten ", "one of the very best movies ", "here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip ", "be something really good ", "difficult and ", "often-hilarious ", "despite some first-rate performances ", "relationship and ", "to the experience ", "magnificent ", "delightfully rendered ", "terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and ", "with grace and humor ", "which never reach satisfying conclusions ", "your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes ", "staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby ", "just brilliant in this ", "agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals ", "where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . ", "does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . ", "more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' ", "marveled ", "` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' ", "a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . ", "a hokey piece of nonsense ", "cranky ", "speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be ", "its lack of poetic frissons ", "adorably whimsical comedy ", "its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ", "from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . ", "while the performances are often engaging ", "he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way ", "( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and ", "pure escapism ", "spousal abuse ", "every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ", "the slapstick is labored , and ", "nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy ", "this humbling little film , ", "the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . ", "to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . ", "another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie . ", "sincere acting ", "great past ", ", i ca n't compare friday after next to them ", "is a likable story , told with competence . ", "in the murk of its own making ", "a coherent whole ", "yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . ", "drag on ", "interest onscreen ", "avoiding eye contact and ", "any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future ", "implied in the title pok\u00e9mon 4ever is terrifying ", "brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade ", "too-frosty exterior ", "ultimately disappoint the action ", "this is one that should be thrown back in the river ", "enough sweet and ", "can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell ", "do with imagination ", "is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean ", "none of the happily-ever ", "cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth ", "least accessible ", "set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . ", "the greatest date movies ", "as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth ", "the dorkier aspects ", "an athlete , a movie star ", "to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers ", "behind the project ", "an appealing veneer ", "... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . ", "life-affirming ", "one of the lucky few who sought it out ", "all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 . ", "bungle their way through the narrative ", "two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs ", "a surprisingly anemic disappointment ", "relative modesty ", "somewhat tired premise ", "falling into the hollywood trap and ", "poo-poo jokes are ` edgy ", "conventional thriller ", "a refreshingly forthright one ", "the pathetic idea ", "charm or ", "reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "cult favorite ", "none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? ", "of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "slip into the modern rut of narrative banality ", "that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "are puerile ", "caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch ", "an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . ", "depressing ", "certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . ", "the prospect of their own mortality ", "psychologically unpersuasive ", "'s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . ", "carry the film with their charisma ", "is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts ", "leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending ", "the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . ", "a rare treat ", "more than a whiff of exploitation ", "there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally ", "shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . ", "convince us of that all on their own ", "'s uninteresting . ", "most ravaging ", "'s ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "laborious ", "no palpable chemistry ", "mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . ", "lacking in charm and charisma ", "once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny ", "a heartfelt story ", "dreary and ", "since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "an object lesson in period filmmaking ", "laugh riot ", "the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . ", "was n't feeling any of it ", "you 're an elvis person ", "seems to enjoy its own transparency ", "terrible ", "hugely entertaining ", "holland lets things peter out midway , ", "original is its content , look , and style ", "goofy , nutty , consistently funny . ", "a smart movie ", "viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' ", ", this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . ", "help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something ", "systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel ", ", this quirky soccer import is forgettable ", "anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . ", "the acting is robotically italicized , ", "nothing special and , until the final act , nothing ", "an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . ", "it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "going at a rapid pace ", "will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . ", "a witty expose ", "it 's insanely violent and very graphic ", "taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) ", "turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic ", "a classy , sprightly spin on film . ", "clever and suspenseful ", "without bludgeoning the audience over the head ", "both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one ", ", it 's just another sports drama/character study . ", "piercing ", "each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , ", "jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and ", "some special qualities ", "on audience patience ", "falls flat as a spoof ", "got to my inner nine-year-old ", "compelling piece ", "amusing , but ultimately so ", "with little logic or continuity ", "watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen ", "expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show ", "the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low ", "raises some worthwhile themes ", "is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . ", "the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother ", "gently tedious in its comedy ", "as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . ", "a stultifyingly obvious one ", "with exquisite craftsmanship ", "although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . ", "old porridge ", "both heartbreaking and ", "avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "with serious ideas ", "arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel ", "a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . ", "thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering ", "accident-prone ", "the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . ", "wildly alive ", "eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . ", "self-important summer fluff ", "he has no character , loveable or otherwise ", "flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny ", "stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . ", "sad nonsense ", "force you to scratch a hole in your head ", "vivid with color , music and life ", "somewhat satisfying ", "is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . ", "what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . ", "chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book ", "that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next ", "that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' ", "most irresponsible ", "of demme 's good films ", "cheapen ", "good for the goose ", "muddled and derivative ", "'s much to recommend the film . ", "the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . ", "of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . ", "works spectacularly well ... ", "exquisite motion picture ", "one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ", "clumsy ", "these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and ", "laugh at how bad ", "too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . ", "an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . ", "ferrara 's best film in years . ", "you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary ", "film buffs will eat up like so much gelati ", "water torture seem appealing ", "in as much humor as pathos ", "one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but ", "funny and light ", "just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ", "the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes ", "-- that you should never forget ", "wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "well-characterized ", "to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience ", "the knee-jerk misogyny ", ", light treat ", "the screenplay , but rather ", "creatively ", "of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness ", "to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering ", "is still a cinematic touchstone ", "stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . ", "smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams ", "as a tragic figure ", "eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . ", "insomnia ", "combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end ", "uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd ", "their surroundings ", "an admittedly middling film ", "throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? ", "very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable ", ", the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . ", "that have preceded it ", "is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . ", "it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . ", "clumsiness ", "misconstrued ", "all-star salute ", "is needed to live a rich and full life . ", "stories drowned by all too clever complexity ", "a ragbag of cliches ", "is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . ", "a lazy exercise ", ", undisputed scores a direct hit . ", "tiring ", "'s more enjoyable than i expected ", "brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life ", "old world war ", "meshes in this elegant entertainment ", "lousy direction ", "begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times ", "more mindless drivel ", "you 'll still be glued to the screen . ", "fine-looking ", "the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences ", "does n't have anything really interesting to say ", "the creative animation work ", "enlightening , insightful and entertaining ", "a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding ", "the tear-jerking demands ", "gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . ", "goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ", "to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , ", "lost in the translation ", "smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . ", "bad direction and bad acting ", "as crisp and to the point ", "a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ", "to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some ", "beautiful , timeless and universal tale ", "unshapely ", "little narrative momentum ", "of junk ", "is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story ", "is one word that best describes this film : honest ", "ambitious ` ", "shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ", "the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us ", "hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . ", "in the process comes out looking like something wholly original ", "surprisingly shoddy ", "`` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . ", "'s not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", ", you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . ", "the working ", "might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "to entertain ", "really , really good ", "sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . ", "sustain a good simmer for most of its running time ", "of this slick and sprightly cgi feature ", "the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . ", "keep it interested ", "very handsomely produced let-down ", "elegant wit and artifice ", "brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy ", "soullessness ", "turn away from one another instead of talking ", "just plain dumb ", "bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary ", "good measure ", "a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else ", "solid job ", "brainless ", "easy to like ", "amateurish ", "is never especially clever and often ", "in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion ", "a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing ", "abundant ", "under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure ", "try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags ", "make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one ", "sense-spinning ", "tiresome clich\u00e9 ", "never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ", "because it was particularly funny ", ", the film would be a total washout . ", "the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie ", "grey zone ", "otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s ", "'' never cuts corners . ", "enough vices to merit its 103-minute length ", "it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "of this year 's very best pictures ", "an overly sillified plot and ", "inspired dialogue bits ", "to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals ", "a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ", "imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , ", "godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things ", "exceptionally dreary and overwrought ", "voyeuristic spectacle ", "do n't work in concert ", "an undeniably moving film to experience , ", "endlessly challenging ", "uninspiring ", "half past dead -- or for seagal ", "went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . ", "a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ", "has not spawned a single good film ", "thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . ", "conceivable mistake ", "pretty good little movie . ", "in its lack of poetic frissons ", "allowing us to find the small , human moments , ", "amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . ", "the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack ", "are fantastic ", "eat up ", "laugh-out-loud lines ", "protagonist ", "yank ", "' romantic ", "plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going ", "knew what the hell was coming next ", "clich\u00e9-riddled ", "ever so gracefully -- ", "more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . ", "'s so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it ", "finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . ", "for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach ", "endlessly ", "that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . ", "its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary ", "more irresistibly than in ` baran ", "very good time ", "scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters ", "a compelling ", "swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ", "absurdity ", "afghan tragedies ", "the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd ", "a celebration ", "some savvy street activism ", "simplistic and more than a little pretentious ", "'s no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form ", "pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . ", "enjoy the ride ", "provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway ", "often lethally dull ", "you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "shortcomings ", "i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring ", "relies on subtle ironies and visual devices ", "lazily ", "with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity ", "meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . ", "is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals ", "pure venality ", "knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and ", "consistently amusing ", "put together a bold biographical fantasia ", "pity anyone who sees this ", "fast , funny , and even touching story ", "treasure and ", "'s with the unexplained baboon cameo ", "the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . ", "too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . ", "bang your head ", "of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times ", "and for all the wrong reasons besides . ", "effective in all its aspects ", "right at home ", "jolt you ", "most ingenious film ", "wittier ", "is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "richly ", "it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone ", "has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel ", "never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . '' ", "ebullient ", "cynical creeps ", "reality shows for god 's sake ", "despite lagging near the finish line ", "a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . ", "dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors ", "are flat ", "tattered and ugly past ", "` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . ", "of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice ", "that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . ", "imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . ", "are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . ", "it plays everything too safe ", "do no wrong with jason x. ", "phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . ", "richly ", "imperfect , love-hate relationship ", "searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... ", "a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but ", "the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man ", "scuzzy ", "trying to have the best of both worlds ", "with just as much intelligence ", "extraordinarily ", "'s a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . ", "when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen ", "drug abuse , infidelity and ", "a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in ", "goals ", "rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . ", "and not in a good way ", "the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , ", "glum as mr. de niro ", "a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation ", "caricature ", "are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . ", "a collectively stellar performance ", "is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . ", "rancorous curiosity ", ", everything else about the film tanks . ", "coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . ", "that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks ", "the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament ", "heroic deserves a look ", "a fascinating study ", "'s a very very strong `` b + . ", "miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin ", "the grossest movie ", "( siegel ) and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . ", "sitting around ", "dripping with cliche and ", "a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . ", "anguished ", "there 's no real sense of suspense ", "is slow to those of us in middle age ", "a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . ", "edge or ", "not be a breakthrough in filmmaking ", "been smoother or more confident ", "let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him ", "skeeved ", "its splendor ", "( cuar\u00f3n has ) created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . ", "effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself ", "sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit ", "'s a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud ", "dicey screen material ", "a more credible script , ", ", but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction ", "can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "the compelling historical tale ", ", heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . ", "the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology ", "second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief ", "the most watchable film of the year ", "extravagantly redeems it ", "a mediocre one ", "by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious ", "tough to watch ", "will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . ", "come to love ", "slow ", "encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be ", "been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon ", "all ca n't stand ", "next movie ", "can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ", "whimsicality , narrative discipline ", "a dentist drill ", "a spotty script ", "like it ", "'s 86 minutes too long ", "a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ", "sets the tone for a summer of good stuff ", "more than capable of rewarding them ", "scratch for a lesson in scratching ", "it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored ", "charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ", "par with the first one ", "brings out the allegory with remarkable skill ", "to accomplish what few sequels can ", "take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ", "care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories ", "it plainly has no business going ", "is silly but strangely believable . ", "knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely ", "lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) ", "i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy ", "a lower i.q. than when i had entered ", "tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ", "makes little attempt to give voice to the other side ", "of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . ", "uni-dimensional nonsense machine ", "is a great film . ", "a remarkable film ", "a bit of a cheat in the end ", "this a high water mark for this genre ", "is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery ", "an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . ", "capped with pointless extremes ", "rock-solid ", "one-sided theme ", "the nightmare of war ", "as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity ", "put away ", "watching it leaves you giddy ", "polished and vastly entertaining ", "mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . ", "strip ", "directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin ", "funny and well-contructed black comedy ", "for unexpectedly giddy viewing ", "gone straight to video ", "simply runs out of ideas ", "hollow tribute ", "get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . ", "holm does his sly , intricate magic , ", "with considerable appeal ", "a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic ", "feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "an impenetrable and insufferable ball ", "a delightful romantic comedy ", "ever released by a major film studio . ", "fussing over ", "'re on the edge of your seat ", "resist ", "works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . ", "a moving and stark reminder ", "smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors ", "unwary ", "the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot ", "lightweight female empowerment ", "'s the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene ", "spiked with raw urban humor ", "carries you along ", "is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents ", "disgusting source material ", "an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice ", "the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . "], "label": [1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1]}
{"sentence": ["making it one of the best war movies ever made ", "still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema ", ", it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . ", "with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ", "avid interest ", "has many of the things that made the first one charming . ", "sometimes both ", "a rounded and revealing overview ", "for occasional smiles ", "the most surprising thing about this film ", "face arrest 15 years after their crime ", "flavor and spice ", "strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ", "prepare ", "sheer dumbness ", "made-for-tv ", "straight from the saturday morning cartoons ", "it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy ", "seem twice as long ", "might have guessed ", "soulful ", "dry and ", ", savvy , compelling ", "obvious political insights ", ", scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . ", "of good acting ", "much-needed levity ", "( an ) absorbing documentary ", "anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . ", "a total washout ", "thoroughly overbearing ", "all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons ", "the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "flinging their feces at you ", "beautifully detailed performances ", "fresh , ", "fantastic visual trope ", "'s impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . ", "it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , ", "fruitful ", "obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "deserves more than a passing twinkle ", "with but they 're simply not funny performers ", "reveals itself slowly , intelligently , ", "is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . ", "make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice ", "end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched ", "transforms this story about love and culture ", "it 's also one of the smartest ", "that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here ", "will likely prefer to keep on watching . ", "been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ", "the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results ", "skidding ", "barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle ", "'s plotless , shapeless ", "imagine acting that could be any flatter ", "like a film so cold and dead ", "the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but ", "there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ", "more busy than exciting ", "love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "a sugar-coated rocky ", "intense and effective ", "an entirely stale concept ", "certain ambition ", "while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , ", "good sense ", "snail-like pacing ", "moving , and adventurous ", "'d take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time ", "award ", "premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper ", "'m not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", ", purpose and emotionally bruised characters ", "recommend `` never again ", "runs out of steam ", "has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome ", "things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content ", "even more to think about after the final frame ", "spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . ", "a lobotomy ", "the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say ", "cheap-looking ", "sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . ", "allows americans to finally revel in its splendor ", "lovably ", "moving and vibrant ", "episode ii -- ", "tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . ", "is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring ", "the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . ", "there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them . ", "daft ", "eighties ", "chronically ", "lot funnier ", "snore ", "uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ", "when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ? ", "happens to be that rarity among sequels ", "the u.s. ", "buoyant , expressive ", "to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness ", "a coming-of-age tale ", "acclaimed ", "it is instructive ", "working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ", "romantic crime comedy ", "mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , ", "scarcely worth ", "hours of material to discuss ", "an underachiever ", "only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department ", "there 's plenty to impress about e.t. ", "sweet time building ", "become a household name ", "beware the quirky brit-com . ", "a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion ", "ignore ", "gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , ", "could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . ", "others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "'s because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs ", "was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends ", "the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and ", "murky cinematography ", "a truly , truly bad movie ", "'s most memorable about circuit ", "something special ", "daring and beautifully made . ", "too many story lines ", "'s a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . ", "accessible ", "you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . ", "a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs ", "high-minded snoozer . ", "on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi ", ", and for the memorable character creations ", "powerful commentary ", "i liked about schmidt a lot , ", "a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . ", "to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories ", "wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair ", "spectacularly ", "to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "of strung-together moments ", "comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? ", "picture-perfect ", "the film , while it 's not completely wreaked ", ", this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . ", "documentary-like credibility ", "be pleased ", "worth the price of admission ", "more racist portraits ", "dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut ", "fidel castro ", "-- and timely ", "kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . ", "all-powerful , ", "a strong-minded viewpoint , or ", "all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . ", "refreshes the mind and spirit along ", "to be spectacularly outrageous ", "a staggeringly compelling character , ", "gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful clich\u00e9 in the book at this nonsensical story . ", "real visual charge ", "astonishing ", "impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . ", "the soul-searching deliberateness of the film ", "we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing ", "is one carried by a strong sense of humanism ", "it 's very much like life itself . ", "ingenious and ", "enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode ", "the treat of the title ", "provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . ", "a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events ", "a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity ", "this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u. ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . ", "a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers ", "may be based on a true and historically significant story ", "this region and its inhabitants ", "want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been ", "a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story ", "surprisingly funny ", "display greatness ", "powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt ", "has about 25 minutes of decent material ", "the salton sea works the way a good noir should ", "finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . ", "vivid personality ", "poignant and moving ", "predictable as the tides ", "this is not a jackie chan movie . ", ", you ca n't miss it . ", ", nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . ", "hedonistic ", "a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition ", "a wet burlap sack ", ", like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud ", "more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent ", "existential exploration ", "add up to a biting satire that has no teeth ", "offbeat thriller ", "when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling ", ", the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . ", "a superior moral tone ", "represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . ", "solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy ", "'s this rich and luscious ", "you love the music , and ", ", this film should not be missed . ", "offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . ", "the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . ", "the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . ", "charming ", "seemed bored ", "contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "'ll enjoy this movie ", "at blockbuster ", "that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies ", "by the sheer beauty of his images ", "proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances ", "you see it in these harrowing surf shots ", "through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ", "a delightful entree ", "drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst ", "otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists ", "share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "have a 90-minute , four-star movie ", "of the charm of satin rouge ", "doomed by its smallness ", "flirts with propaganda ", "of loss ", "makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place ", "created a provocative ", "funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . ", "'s strongest and most touching movie of recent years . ", "inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot ", "like life ", "parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . ", "indie comedy ", "losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis ", "rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out ", "'s a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise ", "is at 22 a powerful young actor ", "piercing intellect ", "strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . ", "a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life ", "topics that could make a sailor blush ", "sour , bloody and mean ", "fun and nimble ", "no laughs ", "opened it up for all of us ", ", visually graceful ", ", it does give exposure to some talented performers ", "an all-around good time at the movies this summer ", "a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director ", "indispensable ", "sinks into by-the-numbers territory ", "it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . ", "the belly laughs ", "that soars above the material realm ", "did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side ", "the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction ", "his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy ", "the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself ", "the fat ", "you instantly know whodunit ", "an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode ", "boring before i see this piece of crap again ", "screenwriting award ", "there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but ", "with cliche ", "clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style ", "no conversion effort ", "bottomlessly cynical ", "virulent and foul-natured ", "embarrassingly ham-fisted ", "constructs ", "but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . ", "the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies ", "too evident ", "pleasing verisimilitude ", "watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert ", "a genre-curling crime story ", "call the film ` refreshing ", "the overall fabric is hypnotic ", "carnage and ", "exploitative and largely devoid ", "given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment ", "part of the fun ", "with originality ", "you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . ", "informative and ", "give us real situations and characters ", "like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . ", "audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . ", "its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ", "'s such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it ", "the phrase ` fatal script error ", "around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's ", "is , by itself , deserving of discussion ", "there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery ", "inescapably gorgeous , ", "storytelling is far more appealing ", "committed ", "is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , ", "crafted picture ", "slack complacency ", "above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks ", ", decisive moments ", ", heartwarming yarn ", "writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . ", "attracting audiences ", "lighthearted ", "filmed directly from a television monitor ", "so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . ", "unbalanced mixture ", "seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ", "woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . ", "as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . ", "so many explosions ", "'s a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . ", "just fell apart ", "the characters sound like real people ", "was essentially , ", "truly egregious ", "in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted ", "its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing ", "no . . ", "dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick ", "poignant and delicately ", "'s lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . ", "uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave ", "indignation ", "it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be ", "his maudlin ending ", "an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies ", "a true and historically significant story ", "not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . ", "classify as it is hard to resist ", "like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . ", "lifeless rumblings ", "about how lame ", "that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice ", "would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "is a pleasant enough dish . ", "a faster paced family flick . ", "the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations ", "amounts to little more than punishment . ", "was immensely enjoyable ", "hugely accomplished ", "won -- and ", "here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . ", "it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . ", "compelling motion ", "sloppily written ", "it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' ", "will leave you thinking ", "entertaining film ", "one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness ", "is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . ", "problematic script ", "try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde ", "that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ", "should be as entertaining as it is ", "develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide ", "intriguing what-if premise ", "most aggressive and most sincere attempt ", "well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too ", "never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . ", "a british cast ", "a funny and touching film ", "a fun one ", ", serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . ", "bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams ", "it 's definitely a step in the right direction . ", "best way ", "disconnects ", "a future they wo n't much care about ", "in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . ", "its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . ", "wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness ", "when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic ", "gone badly awry ", "that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow ", "with amazing finesse ", "awful acts ", "65-minute trifle ", "a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow ", "this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot ", "paean ", "of his best-known creation ", "makes it all the more compelling . ", "brisk , reverent , and subtly different ", ", silly and monotonous ", "grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . ", "a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . ", "all the more compelling ", "is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction ", "overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . ", "a major director is emerging in world cinema ", "it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . ", "if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . ", "this illuminating comedy ", "begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s ", "far-flung , illogical ", "by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate ", "what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . ", "particularly joyless ", "dramatized pbs program ", "the poor and ", "foreign culture only ", "life and small delights ", "nair does n't treat the issues lightly . ", "builds its multi-character story with a flourish ", "next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? ", "the film 's considered approach ", "the affection of that moral favorite ", "sassy interpretation ", "some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options ", "own floundering way ", "throbbing sincerity ", "a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors ", "twice removed ", "the hastily and amateurishly ", "to forgive that still serious problem ", "general family chaos to which anyone can relate ", "the good girl '' a film worth watching ", "would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ", "does n't give you enough to feel good about ", "the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . ", ", in an irresistible junior-high way , ", "the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' ", "sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening ", "the treat ", "because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget ", "easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing ", "'s hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . ", "gets around to its real emotional business ", "a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . ", "revel in its splendor ", "most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . ", "played and smartly ", "the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . ", "cardiac ", "brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images ", "faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers ", "sweetness , clarity and emotional ", "the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . ", "takes great pleasure ", "aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . ", "sweeping ", "director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention ", "a grand fart ", "male hip hop fantasy ", "a dull girl , ", "it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . ", "it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- ", "these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . ", "is a filmmaker of impressive talent . ", "richly detailed , deftly executed and ", "trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull ", "surprisingly charming and even witty ", "adventure and song ", "routine crime ", "utterly transcend gender ", "deliberate laughs ", "proficiency ", "a moving story ", "a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world ", "failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness ", "her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . ", "there 's something vital about the movie . ", "great film ", "so uninspiring ", "precious ", "marvelously entertaining and ", "sooooo tired ", "the visual wit of the previous pictures ", "ideal ", "goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . ", "too much ", "it 's the worst movie of 2002 ", "that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "authentically vague ", "into an abyss of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music ", "fascination ", "the most exciting action films ", ", not scarier ", "airy cinematic bon bons ", "will turn out okay ", "set out to lampoon , anyway ", "of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee ", "a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , ", "unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ", "while peppering the pages with memorable zingers ", "there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . ", "you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . ", ", kinky fun ", "are terribly wasted . ", "breaks your heart ", "the most high-concept sci fi adventures ", "seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . ", "murder ", "why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "the movie is a disaster . ", "none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny ", "fresh air now and then ", "the same blueprint ", "is duly impressive in imax dimensions , ", "give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , ", "as grand as the lord of the rings ", "expertly ", "all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones ", "a worthy substitute ", "short of profound characterizations ", "uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . ", "a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . ", "will grab you ", "empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . ", "by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics ", "concocted ", "deeply unpleasant ", "the movie is hardly a masterpiece , ", "ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego ", "parents beware ; this is downright movie penance ", "to see a movie with its heart ", "relies less on forced air than on petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script ", "with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour ", "one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher ", "heart-string plucking ", "'s unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism ", "the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself ", "by then , your senses are as mushy as peas ", "most opaque , self-indulgent and ", "shooting itself ", "like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "... contains very few laughs and even less surprises . ", "rare trick ", "a sobering meditation ", "cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , ", "to get in the way ", "committed to growth in his ninth decade ", "is a remarkably original work ", "disease ", ", auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... ", "in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script ", "best silly horror movies ", "the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one ", "suspenseful enough ", "sparkling ", "to screen with considerable appeal intact ", "pleasant but not ", "stillborn ", "on a string of exotic locales ", "the director 's experiment ", "it 's moving ", "not to have been edited at all ", "'re over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license ", "hardly an objective documentary ", "so much phone in his performance as ", "played and smartly directed . ", "the best next generation episodes ", ", the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . ", "that rare combination ", "'s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . ", "inventive , fun , ", "sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach ", "( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . ", "it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . ", "strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . ", "gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . ", "have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes ", "losing ", "through recklessness and retaliation ", "remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ", "an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater ", "dazzle ", "the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all ", "the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . ", "barf ", "with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically ", "some of the computer animation is handsome , ", "just do n't work in concert . ", "romantics ", "keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . ", "about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "radiant character portrait ", "a stale copy ", "then again , subtlety has never been his trademark ", "a laugh ", ", e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . ", "characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "threadbare comic setups ", "tv episodes ", "is truly funny , ", "do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . ", "topple ", "the movie 's various victimized audience members ", "more fascinating than the results ", "beyond its formula ", "has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . ", "writer-director kurt wimmer ", "vibrance ", "a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . ", "mumbles his way through the movie . ", "too often strains ", "they could n't have done in half an hour ", "frustrating misfire ", "to the otherwise bleak tale ", "the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . ", "macabre and ", "obviously has its merits ", "makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs ", "gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear ", "the terrifying message ", "despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . ", ", the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . ", "... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . ", "drying out ", "his promise ", "is workmanlike in the extreme ", "top-notch ", "from a stunningly unoriginal premise ", "you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . ", "an excruciating film ", "the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point . ", "shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence ", "a xerox machine ", "that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "that try too hard to be mythic ", "of a well-made pizza ", "skeptics ", "random glass-shattering ", "though clearly well-intentioned ", "to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community ", "also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end ", "dicaprio 's best performance ", "that it is laughingly enjoyable ", "labors as storytelling ", "some interesting storytelling devices ", "of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs ", "is never satisfactory ", "that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern ", "an interesting bit ", "change watching such a character , ", "is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . ", "like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "both damning and damned compelling . ", "acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation ", "rerun ", "tasty morsels ", "denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism ", "ke ", "gusto ", "transparently ", "patchy combination of soap opera ", "respectable summer blockbuster ", "a supremely hopeful cautionary tale ", "often intense ", "this three-hour endurance test ", "far-flung ", "who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer ", "a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't . ", "slob ", "stilted and unconvincing ", "sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic ", "to be wholesome and subversive at the same time ", "form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life ", "that it 's impossible to care ", "does not make for much of a movie ", "eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . ", "exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ", "but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . ", "has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people ", "droning ", "overstimulated minds ", "charisma and ability ", "enduring ", "why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out ", "return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families ", "cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion ", "an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . ' ", "goodwill ", "evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . ", "impressed with its own solemn insights ", "in the best possible senses of both those words ", "if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in ", "even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . ", "an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors ", "pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . ", "lifts your spirits ", "the best war movies ever made ", "but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . ", "in a movie that works against itself ", "new energy ", "rollicking ", "the essence of magic ", "a bright future ", "no explanation ", "packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack ", "that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "effective film ", "an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces ", "brilliant motion picture ", "that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life ", "broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and ", "jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod ", "one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences ", "be baffled ", "may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . ", "from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- ", "another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . ", "ultra-violent gangster wannabe ", "it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . ", "too convoluted ", "intelligent subtlety ", "perfectly entertaining ", "is still charming here . ", "belly laughs ", "for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . ", "clever by about nine-tenths ", "a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin ", "of dedicated artists ", "of riveting power and sadness ", "yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... ", "sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "loosely connected characters ", "full of holes and completely lacking in chills ", "acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , ", "pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car ", "consistently funny . ", "film to watch ", "adults , other than the parents ... ", "a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , ", "stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . ", "stylistically ", "that it 's so not-at-all-good ", "giggles ", "farts , urine ", "hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . ", "gentle , touching ", "passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "it 's a loathsome movie , ", "japan bustling ", "turning into a black hole of dullness ", "the plight ", "it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and ", "it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . ", "queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . ", "a geriatric ", "provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable ", "wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ", "so graceless and devoid ", "pure movie ", "starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers ", "always brooding ", "fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies ", "error ", "amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario ", "the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed ", "saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) ", "an eloquent , reflective and beautifully ", "the filmmakers ' eye for detail and ", "a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women ", "somewhat touched ", "but it 's worth the concentration . ", "to get a coherent rhythm going ", "adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film ", "outdated ", "time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . ", "it weirdly appealing ", "give exposure to some talented performers ", "is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . ", "same stuff ", "blasphemous and ", "the insinuation of mediocre acting ", "that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel ", "bad seeds ", "perfect festival film ", "historically significant , and personal , episode ", "and two smoking barrels ", "did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or ", "just send it to cranky . ", "a stately sense ", "blazingly alive and admirable on many levels ", "proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing ", "maintains an appealing veneer ", "classic cinema served up with heart and humor ", "finely tuned ", "lulled ", "fascinating psychological fare ", "( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "... the plot weaves us into a complex web . ", "the surprise ending is revealed ", "a cellophane-pop remake of the punk ", "dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick ", "to his pulpy thrillers ", "more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle ", "mainly unfunny ", "the problem with movies about angels ", "innovators ", "stylish sizzle ", "that has no teeth ", ", a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . ", "mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . ", "layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue ", "major problem ", "a lovely film ... ", "a return to pure disney ", "alcatraz ", "your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . ", "thrill you , touch you ", "bad enough ", "pseudo-intellectual kid ", "liked by the people who can still give him work ", ", the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . ", "bledel ", "ugly , revolting movie ", "funny , sweetly adventurous ", "burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol ", "has worked wonders with the material . ", "is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "with few respites ", "the big shear ", "marvelous first 101 ", "take pleasure ", "a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ", "sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but ", "satisfying niblet ", "b-movie category ", "are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable ", "you snore ", "very entertaining , thought-provoking film ", "`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . ", "a few other decent ones ", "the genuinely funny jokes ", "easy , seductive pacing ", "it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . ", "ego-destroying ", "one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt ", "nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks ", "stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . ", "more graceful ", "nothing 's happening ", "stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ", "this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget ", "may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "astounds ", "direction and complete lack ", "is n't ", "has enough wit ", "offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . ", "eerily accurate depiction of depression ", "cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff ", "amazement ", "bores ", "the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid ", "it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun ", "warm ", "vital comic ingredient ", "has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . ", "holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot ", "second fiddle ", "questionable ", "the strange horror ", "the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse ", "makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly ", "not quite ", "rugrats ", "of the all-time great apocalypse movies ", "after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . ", "editing and pompous references ", "as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ", "dread ", "runs out of steam after a half hour ", "reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . ", "the modern rut of narrative banality ", "` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' ", "feel sad ", "indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ", ", you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . ", "hollow at its emotional core ", "an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned ", "ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . ", "such a fine idea ", "the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and ", "is it as smart ", "recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , ", ", heartwarming film ", "has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works ", "( depending upon where you live ) ", "like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . ", "'s sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful ", "a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . ", "leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , ", "charming and witty ", "whose cumulative effect is chilling ", "fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious ", "modest ", "is a wish a studio 's wallet makes ", "creepy-crawly bug things ", "the ambiguous welcome ", "of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme ", "none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . ", "a rude black comedy ", "to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . ", "that is beyond playing fair with the audience ", "has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . ", "spielberg knows how to tell us about people . ", "wasting away inside unnecessary films ", "inspired portrait ", "a movie as artificial and soulless ", "harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . ", "of destruction ", "as bad as you think ", "a string of ensemble cast romances recently ", "to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films ", "the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye ", "an original idea ", "what 's missing in murder by numbers ", "is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . ", "flawed support structure ", "have a sense of humor ", "ludicrous and ", "the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- ", "ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , ", "captures both the beauty of the land and the people . ", "that even he seems embarrassed to be part of ", "of loving ", "marquis ", "'s stylishly directed with verve ", "is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . ", "make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", "a jaunt down memory lane for teens ", "still has a sense of his audience ", "painfully padded . ", "i 'll buy the criterion dvd . ", "of artifice and purpose ", "film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly ", "care too much about this love story ", "frequent laughter ", "show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers ", "ask for a raise ", "bad mannered ", "in getting under the skin of her characters ", "to gorgeous beaches ", "( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie . ", "a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet ", "narcissism ", "a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director ", "a highly gifted 12-year-old ", "unexpectedly giddy viewing ", "while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad ", "an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation ", "a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening ", "able to give full performances ", "refreshes ", ", it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . ", "chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study ", "skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . ", "( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) ", "the original could ever have hoped to be ", "until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy ", "metaphysical claptrap ", "the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , ", "is astounding on any number of levels ", "far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . ", "pulpy core conceit ", "does n't really add up to much ", "is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel ", "falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ", "is the director 's talent ", "played-out ", "'s no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish ", "that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages ", "sexy beast ", "as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . ", "clarity ", "unexpected flashes of dark comedy ", "treats the subject with fondness and respect ", "smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like ", "ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . ", "that seagal 's overweight and out of shape ", "to keep this from being a complete waste of time ", "is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . ", "its passages of sensitive observation ", "stands as one of the great films about movie love ", "'s worse , routine ", "will enjoy ", "finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience ", "a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half ", "the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style ", "cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . ", "as beautifully shaped ", "stronger ", "will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding ", "` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks ", "hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor ", "ride around a pretty tattered old carousel ", "the sparse instances of humor ", "funniest jokes ", "a crowdpleaser ", "suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought ", "with square conviction ", "you love him ", "the energy it takes to describe how bad it is ", "itself , a playful spirit and ", "to great performances ", "positively shakesperean ", "you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . ", "makes you feel genuinely good ", "mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . ", "of the delusional personality type ", "a thought-provoking and often-funny drama ", "at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken ", "enough flourishes and freak-outs ", "`` sorority boys '' was funnier , ", "left me ", "shakespeare 's macbeth ", "verges on the amateurish ", "there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie ", "he refuses to give us real situations and characters ", "features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances ", "a stereotype ", "unsubtle ", "is part of the fun ", "her considerable talents ", "'s at once laughable and compulsively watchable ", "to cram earplugs ", "bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . ", "seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick ", "rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone ", "rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; ", "neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is ", "these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that . ", "what makes the movie fresh ", "even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... ", "food-spittingly ", "on character ", "wildly incompetent ", "to crush depth ", "the story is bogus ", "should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations ", "the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . ", "convincing and radiant ", "knows its classical music , knows its freud and ", "admitted egomaniac ", "much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . ", "of crudup 's anchoring performance ", "to die for ", "the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation ", "dead dog ", "niches ", "is like sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables ", "simply a re-hash of the other seven films . ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour ", "uplifting ", "crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance ", "'s a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame ", "unrelenting bleak insistence ", "of those rare pictures ", "a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . ", "a fun family movie ", "'s a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clich\u00e9s . ", "a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening ", "did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? ", ", he has at least one more story to tell : his own . ", "could use a little more humanity , but ", ", hypocritical ", "it 's worth taking the kids to . ", "the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes ", "dispassionate ", "from one arresting image to another ", "its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case ", "much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . ", "makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "a powerful , naturally dramatic piece ", "resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . ", "obnoxiously ", "some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . ", "'s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . ", "enjoyable family ", "substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite ", "encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation ", "strong , measured work ", "life and beauty ", "the screenplay falls somewhat short ", "if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... ", "like life on the island ", "new inspiration ", "masterfully ", "lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . ", "engaging , ", "that things fall apart ", "narrative grace ", "be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals ", "quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time ", "has had a successful career in tv ", "like real people ", "do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition ", "the values of knowledge , education , and the ", "lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter . ", "overlong , and bombastic ", "becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on ", "clich\u00e9d ", "of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this ", "enjoyable ", "goes bump in the night and nobody cares ", "is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . ", "like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- ", "way too full of itself ", "'s something i would rather live in denial about ", "i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next ", "be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around ", "much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever . ", "'s nothing to gain from watching they ", "dripping with cliche ", "an important director ", "may have been born to make ", "humorous and touching ", "pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "shines through every frame . ", "also will win you over , in a big way ", "flawed but engrossing ", "who are trying to make their way through this tragedy ", "a sultry evening ", "like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors ", "excellent latin actors ", "is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power ", "are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster ", "so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . ", "disagreeable ", "glow ", "most improbable ", "even that 's too committed . ", "our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie ", "'s super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid ", "when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and ", "uninspired . ", "been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera ", "a dearth ", "still charming ", "of no real consequence ", "completely loveable ", ", runteldat is something of a triumph . ", ", steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . ", "is that its own action is n't very effective . ", "offers an unexpected window ", "seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ", "opposed to the extent of their outrageousness ", "derailed by bad writing and ", "offbeat humor , amusing characters ", "admirable energy , ", "on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ", "works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters ", "oozing with attractive men ", "is an interesting character ", "turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . ", "puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . ", "a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images ", ", unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . ", "resident evil is not it ", "was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo ", "fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . ", "cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle ", "it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 ", "a lovely and beautifully ", ", this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . ", "before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon ", "is first-rate , especially sorvino ", "all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but ", ", with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . ", "might turn on many people to opera , in general ", "acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . ", "stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions ", "is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ", "beautifully read ", "a reprieve ", "... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . ", "well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . ", "this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming ", "pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming ", "across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ", "few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending ", "an art ", "a chilling tale of one ", "would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . ' ", ", is wry and engrossing . ", "gorgeous visuals ", "support the premise other than fling gags at it ", "thoughtful , reverent ", "is just the ticket you need . ", "slickly ", "remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . ", "for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . ", "fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . ", "'s absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . ", "blockbusters ", "a distinct rarity , and an event ", "an extremely unpleasant film ", "you feel genuinely good ", "says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style ", "in such a gloriously goofy way ", "virtuosic set pieces ", "shoestring and unevenly ", "can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . ", "this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero ", "seem self-consciously poetic and ", "larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller ", "is charming ", "daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . ", "strokes the eyeballs ", "poo-poo ", "irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . ", "uplifting , funny and wise ", "could be this good ", "it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids ", "winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . ", "imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "parker displays in freshening the play ", "spontaneous creativity and ", "stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 . ", "to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . ", "major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee ", "it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . ", "is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine ", "worldly-wise and very funny script ", "satisfyingly ", "if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material . ", "'s not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed ", "the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ", "cliched dialogue ", "stands for milder is n't better ", "-- definitely a step in the right direction ", "was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ", "the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances ", "iwai 's gorgeous visuals ", "the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , ", "unremittingly ugly movie ", "is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . ", "chuckles ", "none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . ", "enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers ", "kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . ", "it borders on facile ", "you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned ", "is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . ", "you will probably like it . ", "girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and ", "manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography ", "the one-liners are snappy ", "plotting and mindless ", "tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life ", "is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . ", "is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists ", "it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . ", "sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then ", "to liven things up ", "ingeniously ", "dough from baby boomer families ", "a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky ", "never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . ", "'s a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism ", "watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours ", "90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping ", "manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", "smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . ", "goodness for this signpost ", "proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent ", "recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around ", "follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "'s that good ", "boredom to the point of collapse , ", "a joy ", "the following things are not at all entertaining ", "wilde 's wit and ", "try too hard to be mythic ", ", director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . ", "is a remarkably original work . ", "that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "never takes hold . ", "a bit of heart ", "spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . ", "would have a good time here . ", "being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations ", "also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american ", "screwed-up ", "exceptional thriller ", "high drama , ", "neatly ", "despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . ", "has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . ", "running on empty ", "to believe in your dreams ", "exceedingly memorable one for most people ", "a worthwhile moviegoing experience ", "one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . ", "is generally light enough ", "fade from memory ", "` cultural revolution ", "'s a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "should never have been brought out of hibernation ", "redolent of a thousand cliches ", "the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable ", "a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . ", "the young actors , not very experienced , ", "shows excess in business and pleasure , ", "modest , crowd-pleasing goals ", "air conditioning and popcorn ", "while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . ", "equally impressive degree ", "predominantly amateur ", "infectious ", "himself funny ", "s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle ", "'s moving ", "faith , love and power ", "is as generic as its title ", "provide insight ", "similarly ill-timed ", "blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag ", "is nothing short of a great one . ", "propels ", "love liza ", "never really busts out of its comfy little cell ", "singing and finger ", "the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "martha enormously endearing ", "unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- ", "perdition ", "a top-notch cast ", "been too many of these films ", "the schmaltz is manufactured ", "spiderman rocks ", "demented premise ", "cold fish ", "law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey ", "are many definitions of ` time waster ' ", "a weird little movie ", "riveting documentary . ", "is strong as always ", "captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it ", "fierce ", "also looking cheap ", "medicine ", "although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . ", "at the screen in frustration ", "paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script ", "be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and ", "was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard ", "bloody beauty ", "highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways ", "here 's a fun one . ", "farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ", "as an actress in a role ", "though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy ", "stupid characters ", "needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism ", "before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end . ", "a detailed historical document , ", "if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . ", "because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ", "my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . ", "'s still damn funny stuff ", "are having so much fun ", ", kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . ", "represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . ", "guilt-free ", "heartfelt and ", "splashy and ", "the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity ", "hero ", "into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness ", "is derivative ", "swedish ", "regret and , ultimately , finding redemption ", "best korean film ", "slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play ", "the cleverness , the weirdness and ", "this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "appreciates the art and ", "the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons ", "at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i ", "suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject ", "to sustain a laugh ", "del ", "is always welcome ", "uncommonly pleasurable ", "the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . ", "bloody ", "perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is ", "trying to sneak out of the theater ", ", kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . ", "it 's all surface psychodramatics . ", "believable ", "to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago ", "a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . ", "appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one ", "porno ", "takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving ", "'s updating works surprisingly well . ", "shoot themselves ", "the film is not entirely successful ", "unforced ", "give them credit for : the message of the movie ", "a real movie ", "birthday girl 's calculated events ", "sucks . ", "an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "hollywood is sordid and disgusting . ", "awfully good , achingly human picture ", "'s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention ", "11 times too many ", "a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god ", "formulaic and stilted ", "is that it 's a brazenly misguided project ", "delivers on that promise . ", "deep-seated , emotional need ", "reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . ", "can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas ", ", spielberg knows how to tell us about people . ", "could force you to scratch a hole in your head ", "refuses ", "a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clich\u00e9s and showcases a group of dedicated artists . ", "seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ", ", enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . ", "try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . ", "dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious ", "represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema ", "is somewhat satisfying ", "we are undeniably touched . ", "low budget ", "a whale of a good time for both children and parents ", "the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . ", "impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats ", "gedeck , ", "hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . ", "as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type ", "who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground ", "though the film is well-intentioned ", "the most genuinely sweet films ", "be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk ", "respects the material ", "is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ", "they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . ", "it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "of its critical backlash and more ", "told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . ", "works its way up ", ", worse ", "waster ' ", "earnest performances ", "'s weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids ", "cannibal lust above the ordinary ", "of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with ", ") ", "it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up . ", "can be a knockout ", "think of a film more cloyingly ", "is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves ", "period trappings ", ", perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . ", "until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . ", "having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "visually captivating . ", "with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report ", "a trifle flat ", "takes form ", "high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie ", "so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . ", "' hanging over the film ", "bring out the cake ", "confusing and horrifying ", "strong and ", "dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . ", "is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor ", "from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film ", "mixed-up ", "is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , ", "are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances ", "high-adrenaline documentary . ", "run of the mill ", "skillful filmmaker ", "'s also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss ", "that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history ", "plays like some corny television ", "does a good job ", "the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", ", it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . ", "overrides ", "does seem pretty unbelievable at times ", "berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance ", "the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow ", "a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development ", "sufficiently ", "surgeon mends ", "undisciplined ", "a talking head documentary , but a great one ", "robust and scary ", "he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car ", ", sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . ", "from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal ", "does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . ", "superhero ", "more complex and honest ", "serenity and discipline ", "injects just enough freshness into the proceedings ", "succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity ", "come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music ", "such an engrossing story ", "'s the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . ", "any working class community ", "that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism ", "be a great piece of filmmaking ", "is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon ", "catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance ", "that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . ", "fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . ", "i liked the movie ", "if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting ", "an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband ", "sets out to entertain and ", "has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper ", "if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . ", "the increasingly diverse french director ", "was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ", "it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , ", "most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . ", "last year 's lame musketeer ", "the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , ", "that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ", "comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly ", "as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , ", "is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities ", "definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . ", "lonely and needy ", "the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , ", "praises ", ", and fearlessness ", "emotional intelligence ", "overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration ", "they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood ", "stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy ", "wishing that you and they were in another movie ", "is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often ", "is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot ", ", vaguely silly overkill ", "barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . ", "is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . ", "it 's all arty and jazzy ", "lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ", "like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . ", "work in concert ", "smart and alert ", "a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . ", "timeless ", "advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "of the flesh ", "bisset ", "initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . ", "opera on film is never satisfactory . ", "'ve a taste for the quirky ", ", provocative and prescient ", "as an eloquent memorial ", "one well-timed explosion in a movie ", "high romance , brought off with considerable wit ", "elaborate ", "denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag ", "the level of an after-school tv special ", "at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten ", "an empty exercise , ", "has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out ", "is grossly contradictory ", "it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? ", "i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls ", "frustrated ", "an american ", "not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . ", "sweetly adventurous ", "tries too hard to be emotional ", ", tender and heart-wrenching ", "the standards of knucklehead swill ", "has plenty of laughs . ", "the original was n't a good movie ", "low-budget , video-shot ", "of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape ", "moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama ", "director claude chabrol ", "will probably be a talky bore ", "it well worth watching ", "'s packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ", "miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life ", "lame and ", "the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal ", "a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage ", "blithe rebel fantasy ", "buoyant , expressive flow ", "you can taste it , but there 's no fizz ", "of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "gag ", ", love , duty and friendship ", "as saccharine movies go ", "kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . ", "your pulse ever racing ", "this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . ", "does n't live up to the exalted tagline ", "as the protagonists struggled ", "blemishes ", "from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood ", "'s a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . ", "pile too many `` serious issues '' ", ", city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . ", "that trademark grin of his -- ", "is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ", "able to look ahead and resist living in a past ", "that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring ", "enjoyed it just as much ", "and slack direction ", "maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' ", "very funny romantic comedy ", "flat and uncreative ", "of spectacular belly flops ", "the laborious pacing ", "sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful ", "the relationships were wonderful ", "as well-characterized ", "amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's ", "debts ", "needed . ", "some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen ", "its source 's complexity ", "15 years old ", "improves ", "is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . ", "the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes ", "chronically mixed signals ", "confidently orchestrated ", "a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . ", "improperly hammy performance ", "saw the film ", "little sticky and unsatisfied ", "the exotic world ", ", it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . ", "does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . ", "is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen ", "heartening in the same way ", "comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising ", "what an idea , what a thrill ride ", "that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "dominate a family ", "it also treats the subject with fondness and respect ", "a promising work-in-progress ", "at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . ", "peaked ", "` it 's just a kids ' flick ", ", in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . ", "totally unexpected directions ", "it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings ", "of male hustlers ", "a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation ", "an interesting controversy ", "a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity ", "is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain ", "excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . ", "its utterly misplaced earnestness ", "he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . ", "taken ", "it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . ", "a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer ", "the beaten path , not necessarily for the better ", "happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . ", "what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook ", "best sports movie ", "so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . ", "most late-night bull sessions ", "a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget ", "an enormous amount of affection ", "potentially good comic premise ", "strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . ", "dismiss -- moody ", "the concept of loss ", "more interesting ", "breathtakingly assured and stylish work ", "never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . ", "of exploiting molestation for laughs ", "do anything ", "is too long with too little ", "provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc ", "between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking ", "is suitably elegant ", "lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . ", "artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown ", "it 's lousy ", "amounts of beautiful movement and inside information ", "these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , ", "that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet ", "is a fascinating little tale ", "as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes ", "the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . ", "swirling ", "touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon ", "the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . ", "a modestly made but ", "a detailed personal portrait ", "engagingly ", "while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "clever ", "affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ", "the improperly hammy performance ", "an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger ", "such a companionable couple ", "no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight ", "george hickenlooper 's ", "it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . ", "sexy , funny and touching . ", "made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", ", unusual , even nutty ", "saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy ", "a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire ", "an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense ", "'s a work of enthralling drama ", "that delivers on the promise of excitement ", "make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman ", "'s that painful ", "distracted ", "stylish thriller . ", "more salacious telenovela than serious drama ", "ineffective ", "the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . ", "'s ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts ", "captures a life interestingly lived ", "able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting ", "murphy 's expert comic timing ", "this `` un-bear-able '' project ", "this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . ", "a better lot ", "come off too amateurish and awkward ", "will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? ", "never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding ", "a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera ", "massive cardiac arrest ", "its compassionate spirit ", "it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . ", "ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin ", "the scarifying ", "conceit ", ", actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . ", "approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline ", "is visually dazzling ", "unique and inherent ", "super - violent , super-serious ", "some laughs and ", "humorous and ", ", narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . ", "even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread ", "you laugh once ( maybe twice ) ", "its awkward structure ", "in its poetic symbolism ", ", sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium ", "the redeeming feature of chan 's films ", "refused ", "stealing harvard ca n't even do that much . ", "aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . ", "its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously ", "throws in enough clever and unexpected ", "where nothing really happens ", "a terrific screenplay and ", "like max rothman 's future , does not work . ", "one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ", "some serious soul ", "the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , ", "feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . ", "beautifully designed ", "astonishingly vivid ", "artistic aspirations ", "an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas ", "is not handled well ", "long-suffering ", "like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ", "it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling ", "fell apart ", "van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material ", "the movie is without intent . ", "knows its classical music , ", "you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . ", "directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . ", "snide and ", "be any flatter ", "the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . ", "the most entertaining bonds ", "na\u00efvet\u00e9 ", "thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . ", "are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine ", ", old-fashioned-movie movie ", "wastes the talents of its attractive young leads ", "angry ", "winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it ", "more enjoyable than i expected ", "a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men ", "squashed ", "a rich and intelligent film ", "having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything ", "camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam ", "the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do ", "may strain adult credibility ", "most aggressive and most sincere ", "purely abstract ", "all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen ", "a script that assumes you are n't very bright ", "remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift ", "the unsung heroes of 20th century ", "ability to think ", "left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature ", "the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones ", "is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "a surprisingly funny movie . ", "is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes ", "rich and ", "seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ", "empowerment tale thinly ", "tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape ", "brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing ", "of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies ", "had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . ", "satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor ", "a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own ", "by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect ", "to a more mythic level ", "is just fine ", "might be intolerable company ", "gritty enough ", "seems worth the effort ", "as a dystopian movie ", "baffled by jason x. ", "how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . ", "the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable ", "a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . ", "if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . ", "an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "to shine ", "the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . ", "cliches and pat storytelling ", "orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull ", "it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "analyze this , not ", "is silly but strangely believable ", "a screwed-up man ", "sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . ", "tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . ", "especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget ", "has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . ", "has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . ", "manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance ", "time stinker ", "reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others ", "paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "a crass and insulting homage to great films ", "broadway ", "a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry ", "oddly colorful and ", "holds the screen like a true star . ", "is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . ", "ruined by amateurish ", "with its love of life and beauty ", "subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer ", "yields surprises ", "nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema ", "a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity ", "is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans ", "'s hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . ", "of the movie 's charm ", "cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly ", "nemesis ", "all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters ", "magical ", "an act of spiritual faith ", "get weird , ", "while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . ", "with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music ", "'re wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why ", "my enjoyment ", "comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs ", "an auspicious feature debut for chaiken ", "mattei 's underdeveloped effort ", "a bowser ", "ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film ", "like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but ", "get top billing ", "humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence ", "south korea 's ", "to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated ", "solo ", "amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise ", "fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships ", "almost entirely witless and inane , ", "always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . ", "it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' ", "the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and ", "a concept doofus ", "'s pleasant enough ", "him this year 's razzie ", "delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers ", "about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics ", "very sincere work ", "finds its humor ", "one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . ", "his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality ", "strong education ", "stylish exercise ", "as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine ", "a feature-length film ", "remains vividly in memory long ", "would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt ", "the awful complications ", "see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it ", "steadfast ", "his future wife ", "sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "if good-hearted , movie . ", ", rapid-fire delivery ", "a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . ", "suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics ", "cinemantic flair ", "a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential ", "with every cinematic tool well under his control ", "think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . ", "entertaining ", "sticks rigidly to the paradigm , ", "just is n't very funny . ", "inner-city streets ", "russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement ", "of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects ", "a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . ", "like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 . ", "a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . ", "call it a work of art ", "into the `` a '' range , as is ", "have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) ", "middle-of-the-road blandness ", "piccoli ", "a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama ", "then becomes unwatchable ", "nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break ", "offers a persuasive ", "strong and confident ", "gooding is the energetic frontman , ", "than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence ", "that never really busts out of its comfy little cell ", "violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart ", "a stunning technical achievement ", "only half-an-hour long or ", "intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation ", "like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome ", "an enjoyable comedy ", "eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good ", "'ve been trying to forget ", "laughs -- sometimes a chuckle ", "a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured ", "at once laughable ", "a feast for the eyes ", "is reasonably entertaining , ", ", it 's badder than bad . ", "a sharp script ", "'s difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are ", "a bonus feature ", "brave and challenging ", "overly old-fashioned ", "the film is well-crafted ", "spare but quietly effective retelling . ", "comeback ", "a crisp psychological drama ", "an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time ", "who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ", "spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune ", "that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "one fantastic ( and educational ) ", "the movie sputters ", "'s hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . ", "most of it given to children ", "the absurdity of the premise ", "upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . ", "not ", "in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . ", "there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . ", "... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . ", "with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing ", "one oscar nomination ", "maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine ", "above the level of an after-school tv special ", "so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "home ", "it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is ", "the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang ", "out of character and logically ", "in any way demeaning its subjects ", "fairly harmless ", "its body humor and reinforcement ", "enervating determination ", "'s understanding of the expressive power of the camera . ", "if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license ", "are breathtaking ", "to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins ", "'s something vital about the movie . ", "'s pretty stupid . ", "best star trek movie ", "inoffensive ", ", convincing ", "thrillingly ", "without lectures or confrontations ", "an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents ", "an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and ", "'re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . ", "perfect ", "put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home ", "loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . ", "should be doing a lot of things , but does n't ", "comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . ", "a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped ", "a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place ", "invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion ", "racial tension ", "truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy ", "knocks it flat ", "a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy ", "gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . ", "has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style ", "going to jell ", "... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... ", "it 's better than the phantom menace . ", "openness , the little surprises ", "in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance ", "were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . ", ", `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . ", "suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . ", "pure over-the-top trash ", "the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic ", "present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "then you 're in for a painful ride . ", "a live-wire film that ", "a better satiric target ", "is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ", "unimaginative ", "deft punctuation ", "a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap ", "a thoroughly modern maiden ", "animation enthusiasts of all ages ", "as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , ", "both oscar winners , ", "spare dialogue ", "awesome ", "adults behave like kids ", "a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional ", "funny , puzzling movie ", "in the arguments of competing lawyers ", "the five writers ", "is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd ", "moment ", "is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . ", "keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ", "is authentic to the core of his being . ", "champion the fallibility of the human heart ", "resistance and artistic transcendence ", "yes , but also intriguing and honorable , ", "-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- ", "` stoked ", "utter cuteness ", "fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , ", "much dramatic impact ", "who seem barely in the same movie ", "is a nonstop hoot ", "caring for animals and respecting other cultures ", "a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . ", "it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . ", "that takes itself all too seriously ", "of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum ", "'s a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . ", "the worst kind of hubristic folly ", "white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it ", "a well-made evocation ", "are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . ", "a remarkable new trick ", "are all things we 've seen before ", "filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible ", "a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical ", "less as a documentary and more as a found relic ", "lurid ", "simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . ", "an interesting slice of history ", "'s neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is ", "mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another ", "populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who ", "the problem with wendigo , ", "the piano teacher is not an easy film . ", ", remote , emotionally distant piece ", "create images you wish you had n't seen ", "` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ", "who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot ", "sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . ", "a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . ", "uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows ", "set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to ", "does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . ", "look like a masterpiece ", "that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 ", "a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents ", "a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little ", "endearing . ", "horribly depressing and ", "the grandness of romance ", "press the delete key ", "a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed ", "perfect starting point ", "a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie ", "despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie ", "would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop ", "that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least ", "after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy ", "the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games ", "for an intelligent weepy ", "if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller ", "is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . ", "the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour . ", "one of the worst movies of the year . ", "for historical truth and realism ", "a much better mother-daughter tale ", "a heartfelt romance for teenagers ", "its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing ", "frustration ", "'s face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument ", "when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . ", "charming and ", "'' comes from the heart ", "'s splash without the jokes ", "potential ", "for granted in most films are mishandled here ", "most memorable ", "under-inspired ", "are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent ", "frustrating and ", "it 's not particularly well made , but ", "for this illuminating comedy ", "it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . ", "that even its target audience talked all the way through it . ", "( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . ", "will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one ", "make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "with humor ", "the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her ", "a peculiar malaise ", "the cruelty and suffering ", "leaves you wanting more ", "chases for an hour and then ", "is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . ", "miracle of miracles , the movie ", "its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight ", "digital ", "soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence ", "a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much ", "one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . ", "using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . ", "i 'm not ", "pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . ", "discloses almost nothing ", "an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot ", "is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . ", "sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . ", "good spirits ", "film buzz and whir ", "poignant ", "a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh . ", "remotely new or interesting ", "that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives ", "bitter italian comedy ", "a true adaptation ", "retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "begins with promise , ", "loud , violent and mindless ", "as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies ", "the plot is both contrived and cliched ", "real magic , ", "to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ", "can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . ", "director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap ", "the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . ", "caught up in an intricate plot ", "by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick ", "fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything ", "the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids ", "trifling ", "high humidity ", "cheap shocks ", "a brilliant movie ", "lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . ", "dreary ", "to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking ", "the town has kind of an authentic feel ", "love , family and ", "entirely persuasive ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , ", "like a 10-course banquet ", "did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? ", "snobbery ", "evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ", "sleazy moralizing ", "proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo ", "wiseman 's warmest ", "( breheny 's ) lensing ", "plainly dull ", "you do n't care who fires the winning shot ", "( there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . ", "tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers ", "for sure ", "derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , ", "'s sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it ", "gave people seizures ", "lose ", "worked better as a one-hour tv documentary ", "thumbs down . ", "sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic ", "historical event ", "is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "sinks further and further ", "is ingenious fun . ", "naughty children 's ", "while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . ", "'s sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong ", "really is enormously good fun . ", "more appropriate ", "nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone ", "the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , ", ", simple and soapy ", "a simple premise ", "while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . ", "for its profound humanity ", "increasingly important film industry ", "a more measured or polished production ever could ", "one of the best , most ", "an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ... ", "that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep ", "for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life ", "distinct and very welcome ", "a few cheap shocks ", "affirming and heartbreaking ", "miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . ", "provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride ", "tight ", "story and his juvenile camera movements ", "this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . ", "has a sense of his audience ", "completely transfixes the audience . ", "a well-put-together piece ", "have to give them credit for : the message of the movie ", "a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song ", "a sadistic bike flick ", "ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film ", "save everyone the misery ", "is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . ", "the film does pack some serious suspense . ", "murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . ", "a small movie with a big heart ", "this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . ", "actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen ", "shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . ", "a spark of new inspiration in it , ", "plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and ", "freaky friday , '' it 's not . ", "to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop ", "a bad day ", "presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet ", "of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film ", "you ca n't miss it . ", "the visceral sensation ", "make a big splash ", "a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground ", "fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work ", "brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . ", ", manipulative ", "have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . ", "toothless dog ", "the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and ", "insightful moments . ", "it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "sincerely crafted picture ", "which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", ", the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . ", "excellent performances ", "that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness ", "vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw ", "think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . ", "is clumsy ", "a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals ", "be called the best korean film of 2002 ", "sneak out of the theater ", "understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing ", "wry comic mayhem ", "fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more ", "must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ", "suffer ' ", "fanciful drama ", "should be themselves ", ", even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . ", "druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors ", "the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil ", "a tragic dimension ", "... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety ", "long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . ", "has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . ", "the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . ", "maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better . ", "knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written ", "is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . ", "by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil ", "together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . ", "visually compelling one ", "sappy , preachy one ", "deep intelligence and ", "their own brightly colored dreams ", "pat storylines , precious circumstances ", "this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . ", "gives a performance that is masterly . ", "'s brilliant ` videodrome ", "a more graceful way ", "he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . ", "the drama discloses almost nothing . ", "predictably melodramatic . ", "the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "ugly , revolting ", "its thrills and extreme emotions ", "neither original ", "work and 2002 's first great film ", "lend some dignity to a dumb story ", "severe body odor ", "warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family ", "ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness ", "brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results ", "'s a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . ", "by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment ", "watered down the version of the one ", "comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . ", "i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . ", "like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . ", "misconceived final ", "more challenging or depressing ", "heartily sick ", "favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate ", "feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . ", "any less entertaining ", "you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you ", "horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . ", "the talk alone is enough to keep us ", "can only provide it with so much leniency . ", "a pleasing , ", "in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "a movie instead of an endless trailer ", "do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . ", "originality ai n't on the menu , ", "is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . ", "us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "is a successful one . ", "merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press ", "an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza ", "of the two bewitched adolescents ", "unsatisfying ", "drug culture ", "amazingly evocative film ", "instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? ", "jumps around with little logic or continuity ", "illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . ", "like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . ", "having an old friend for dinner ' ", "the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or ", "the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes ", "worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . ", "be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love ", "including a knockout of a closing line ", "does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories ", "a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful ", "fondness and respect ", "make the formula feel fresh ", "predictably efficient piece ", "i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie . ", "funnier ", "eventual discovery ", "is as serious as a pink slip . ", "troubled ", "like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead ", "the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . '' ", "a bad premise , just ", "is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative ", "cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama ", "coming back from stock character camp ", "is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work ", "favor ", "startling story ", "that hollywood expects people to pay to see it ", "the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line ", "a well-balanced fashion ", "a markedly inactive film ", "that interest attal and gainsbourg ", "by a failure ", "is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ", "listless and ", "appropriately cynical social commentary aside , ", "men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic ", "'re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "layered and stylistic ", "some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk ", "stifles creativity ", "'s a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ", "of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series ", "got a place in your heart ", "get no satisfaction ", "strong narrative ", "is a refreshingly forthright one ", "laugh therapy ' ", "an interesting psychological game ", "choppy and ", "pained ", "with lots of somber blues and pinks ", "come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook ", "offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame ", "sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ", "stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . ", "jaw-droppingly superficial ", "of strong voices ", "most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes ", "a hilarious ode to middle america and ", "a mischievous visual style ", "fun and reminiscent ", "'s ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . ", "stylish weaponry ", "you 've ever seen ", "a half-hearted fluke ", "is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . ", "skillfully assembled , highly polished and ", "an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys ", "... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . ", "future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", ", it actually hurts to watch . ", "the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' ", "humble , teach ", "broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil ", "than its fair share of saucy ", "fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "is plenty of fun for all ", "the film can depress you about life itself . ", "annoying and ", "almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun ", "a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy ", "passionate ", "an undeniably moving film to experience ", "a treasure chest of material ", "find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination ", "the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... ", "the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . ", "that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened ", "look as though they are having so much fun ", "the experience of staring at a blank screen ", "the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it ", "in short ", "banter-filled comedy ", "felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting ", "the film 's cheeky charm ", "the spectacle of small-town competition ", "devoid of joy and energy ", "easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root ", "only scratches the surface ", "from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about ", "pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . ", "this likable movie ", "servicable world war ii drama ", "it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . ", "he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . ", "kong master john woo ", "needed so badly ", "of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys ", "waiting for things ", "is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally ", "silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time ", "dull procession ", "a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' ", ", featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . ", "lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . ", "kurys ' direction is clever and insightful ", "nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , ", ", you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . ", "is just lazy writing ", "that most frightening of all movies -- ", "that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women ", "once subtle and visceral ", "gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "delivers a magnetic performance . ", "a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . ", "lags badly ", "occasionally loud and offensive , but more often ", "a thinking man 's ", "natural sportsmen ", "quirky iranian drama secret ballot ", "credible gender-provoking philosophy ", ", captures a life interestingly lived ", "confused , and totally disorientated ", "as-nasty - ", "exploitation piece ", "rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines ", "anguish ", "cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set ", "shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . ", "that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres ", "mind-destroying cinematic pollution ", "that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally ", "is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . ", "compellingly watchable . ", "cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and ", "post-war art world ", "for the toilet and scores a direct hit ", "the result is somewhat satisfying -- ", "cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement . ", "this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent ", "their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic ", "a compelling investigation ", "continuity errors ", "jell with sean penn 's monotone narration ", "makes the experience worthwhile ", "adding ", "hollywood satire ", "are amiable and committed ", "of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery ", "are too obvious ", "is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . ", "a vivid , sometimes surreal ", "be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers ", "you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . ", "sweeping and gliding ", "digitally altered footage ", "is a pretty good job ", "understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career ", "kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . ", "be sorry ", "the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy ", "reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death ", "both charming ", "all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders ", "an absurdly simplistic picture ", "to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and ", "it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony ", "' rip-off ", "offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . ", "disturbance ", ", rain is the far superior film . ", "sloppy ", "an incredibly narrow in-joke ", "torture ", "executed it takes your breath away . ", "a charmer from belgium . ", "hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful ", "smartly played and smartly directed . ", "ongoing - and unprecedented - ", "is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia ", "a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic . ", "during sunset ", "this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . ", "as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . ", "smoothly ", "this flat run ", "silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another ", "taken the protagonists a full hour ", "interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . ", "makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters ", "a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . ", "meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work . ", "turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . ", "fascinating case study ", "confidently ", "a true-blue delight . ", "its rawness and vitality ", "the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . ", "the outstanding thrillers of recent years ", "no unifying rhythm or ", "disappointing to a certain degree ", "director anne fontaine ", "the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . ", "cheapen the overall effect ", "'s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' ", "much worth ", "... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . ", "'s good enough to be the purr ", "the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation ", "a touching drama about old age and grief ", "the modern masculine journey ", "is so convinced of its own brilliance ", "a cast of a-list brit actors ", "justifies its own existence ", "around this movie directionless ", "the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air ", "catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness ", "with nothing but net ", "what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "to surrealism and black comedy ", "become almost as operatic to us ", "call this film a lump of coal ", "you feel good , you feel sad ", "shrewd and effective film ", "the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... ", "the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . ", "clarity and audacity ", "a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . ", "changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say ", "is still good fun . ", "the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus ", "chaos ", "and crude storyline ", "leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends ", "does n't make for great cinema ", "definitive , if disingenuous , ", "an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . ", "done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment ", "acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not ", "vulgar is too optimistic a title . ", "a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ", "flop ", "this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work ", "a little old-fashioned storytelling ", "ironic cultural satire ", "no affinity for most of the characters ", "a well-done film ", "a mindless action flick ", "under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "that provide its thrills and extreme emotions ", "kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and ", "engaging and intimate first feature ", "with terrific flair ", "in a very real and amusing give-and-take ", "is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain ", "the best brush ", "teacher ", "a beautiful , entertaining two hours . ", "'s little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity ", "penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . ", "as it is flawed ", "more than a ", "content and narrative strength ", "how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were ", "nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . ", "amicable ", "works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever ", "to jimmy 's relentless anger ", "a fine cast ", "is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . ", "some movie star charisma ", "a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . ", "the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' ", "loud and boring ", "though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful . ", ", i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . ", "other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona ", "offensive and redundant ", "eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness ", "an accessible introduction ", "is sorely lacking ", "has some problems ", "it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but ", "the heart and ", "what once was conviction ", "feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . ", "advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day ", "does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . ", "the scariest guy you 'll see all summer ", "the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess . ", "with tremendous promise ", "moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say ", "gradually sneaks up on the audience ", "five screenwriters are credited with the clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . ", "the tone for a summer of good stuff ", "romantic ", "this disappointed by a movie in a long time ", "near-fatal mistake ", "there 's a lot to recommend read my lips . ", "dry ", "has no point and ", "virtuosity ", "dramedy ' ", "standoffish to everyone else ", "stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . ", "has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores ", "a more credible script ", "nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . ", "disappointments ", "determination and the human spirit ", "memory , resistance and artistic transcendence ", "elegance and maturity ", "carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery ", "a terrific b movie -- ", "gorgeous to look at ", "it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . ", "weaves us into a complex web ", "shapeless ", "fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently ", "the incomprehensible anne rice novel ", "they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . ", "a very well-meaning movie , and it ", "clever ideas and ", "with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "for violence ", "is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications ", "it 's a scorcher . ", "suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ", "zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . ", "hard to like a film so cold and dead ", "the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images ", "... it feels like a glossy rehash . ", "'s hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . ", "most savory and hilarious ", "an irresistible blend ", "'s all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ", "fanciful direction ", "shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling ", "a true believer ", "the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego ", "clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "carmichael ", "assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him ", "odd enjoyably chewy lump ", "nice piece of work ", "cold-fish ", "weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school ", "vonnegut ", "gutless direction ", "cram too many ingredients into one small pot ", "without much of a story ", "i could not stand them ", "let 's get this thing over with ", "i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . ", "a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . ", "above much of the director 's previous popcorn work ", "` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' ", "a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . ", "that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "just a bunch of good actors ", "recycled and dumbed-down version ", "barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . ", "it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction ", "infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart ", "grand-scale ", "it takes to describe how bad it is ", "frighten and ", "the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . ", "very believable ", "without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . ", "heaven is one such beast ", "its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "sad and rote exercise ", "in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets ", "fresh and raw like a blown-out vein ", "without being memorable ", "existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term ", "i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! ", "memorable and resourceful performances ", "to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread ", "princesses ", "and weakly acted ", "every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable ", "makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison ", "is also beautifully acted . ", "clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . ", ", a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . ", "katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . ", "this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful ", "are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall ", "sucked . ", "figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats ", ", you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . ", "the third revenge of the nerds sequel ", "works on no level whatsoever for me . ", "a torn book jacket ", "not a classic ", "confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema ", ", it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer ", "a party-hearty teen ", "xmas ", "'s immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . ", "usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "lame and sophomoric ", "is the film roman polanski may have been born to make ", "little $ 1.8 million charmer ", "is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple ", "` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . ", "smart and taut ", "courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' ", "of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality ", "satisfyingly unsettling ride ", "this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . ", ", it offers hope ", "not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired ", "we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . ", "particularly original ", "is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend ", "it 's a dark , gritty story but ", "( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ", "shame americans ", "falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film ", "wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way ", "a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone ", "padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , ", "larded ", "through its otherwise comic narrative ", "one of the most interesting writer/directors ", "failing , ultimately ", "like the best of godard 's movies ", "as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . ", "an objective documentary ", "choose to skip it ", "'s certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community ", "-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . ", "is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt ", "the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and ", "you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . ", "suspense or believable tension ", "utter mush ... conceited pap ", "teeny-bopper ", "stylish but steady , and ", "the world 's most generic rock star ", "the stills might make a nice coffee table book ", "makes no sense ", "describe as a castrated ", "come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace ", "cheering ", "hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers ", "cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names ", "is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity ", "a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images ", "ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff ", "the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions . ", "been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "jaw-droppingly ", "was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances ", "engaging enough ", "filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism ", "can you bear the laughter ? ", ", much better . ", "comfort food ", "that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers ", "consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and ", "in good fun ", "are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . ", "is n't exactly profound cinema ", "the actors are simply too good ", "more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . ", "touching , transcendent love story ", "able to tear their eyes away from the screen ", "exhilarating ", "the problematic characters ", ", unnecessary ", "a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors . ", "full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s ", "of the best , most ", "drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category ", "the talents of his top-notch creative team ", "far-flung , illogical , and ", "a work of extraordinary journalism , but ", "is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . ", "that delicate canon ", "let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists ", "rare sequel ", "something a little more special behind it : ", ", hollywood is sordid and disgusting . ", "aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives ", "this movie directionless ", "they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . ", "peerlessly ", "is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . ", "it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ", "refresh our souls ", "the pathology it pretends to investigate ", "is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism ", "an unbelievably stupid film ", "that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism ", "the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture ", "is n't a bad film ", "jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films ", "a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads ", "any scorsese has ever given us ", "the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career ", "painfully unfunny farce ", "putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- ", "it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition ", "would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . ", "littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups ", "crisp framing , edgy camera work ", "for silly summer entertainment ", "memorable character creations ", "realize your mind is being blown . ", "without oppressive ", "illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box ", "glamorous machine ", "boring talking heads , etc . ", "of the best actors there is ", "the disappointingly generic nature ", "liked it much better ", "to death ", "the acting is amateurish ", "this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . ", "all mood and no movie . ", "such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball ", "indulgent ", "interesting movie ", "the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . ", "the success ", "nicely understated expression ", "simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "love in the time of money ", "are undeniably touched ", "is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach ", "plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family ", "alternately touching and funny ", "if they looked at how this movie turned out ", "amuse or entertain ", "is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be ", "not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . ", "tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie ", "nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . ", "an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "such conviction ", "one scene ", "this is pure , exciting moviemaking . ", "starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . ", "it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . ", "screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . ", "can see coming a mile away ", "a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten ", "see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue ", "a wholesome fantasy for kids ", "in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole ", "crush each other ", "mundane soap opera ", "scoring high ", "lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . ", "fans clamoring for another ride ", "enticing and often funny documentary ", "a feat ", "excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", "compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy ", "you 're an agnostic carnivore ", "both a beautifully ", "hopkins looks like a drag queen ", "chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries ", "their super-powers , their super-simple animation and ", "a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece ", "wanting more ", "reward ", "but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "a genial romance ", "a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then ", "a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic ", "and pretentious endeavor ", "beats new life into it ", "it has a bigger-name cast ", ", lecherous ", ", frenetic , funny , even punny 6 ", "metaphysical ", "wo n't be disappointed ", "it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . ", "that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting ", "a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser ", "sprightly spin ", "a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "without being forceful , sad without being shrill ", "horrible , 99-minute ", "beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "suspenseful argentinian thriller ", "finesse ", "i will be . ", "grating and tedious . ", "the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . ", "several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ", "a pleasant and engaging enough sit ", "goddammit ", "this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . ", "amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness ", "jolt you out ", "technically ", "returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s ", "to feed to the younger generations ", "boys ' ", "with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "is nothing short of a great one ", "if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . ", "struggling ", "for touched by an angel simplicity ", "at their noble endeavor ", "fragmentary ", "this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies ", "by a self-indulgent script ", "at ninety minutes , it drags ", "is plenty of room for editing ", "in addition to being very funny ", "the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . ", "brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . ", "'s coherent , well shot , ", "well-made but mush-hearted . ", "is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . ", "that appeals to me ", "of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma ", "well-acted ", "an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre ", "what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest ", "halfway intriguing plot ", "characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time ", "which gives you an idea just how bad it was ", "anonymous chiller ", "carries you ", "choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "tale ", "been a confusing and horrifying vision ", "marked an emerging indian american cinema ", "fairly revealing ", "smug grin ", "has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , ", "cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama ", "would have a good time here ", "first full flush ", "fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless ", "quirky and funny ", "lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . ", "not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . ", "thriller with enough unexpected twists ", "touches the heart and the funnybone thanks ", "entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . ", "triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . ", "why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? ", "half-assed film . ", "portray themselves ", "clean-cut dahmer ", "simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . ", "both sitcomishly predictable and cloying ", "check your brain at the door ", "repulsive and ", "nothing more than four or five mild chuckles ", "approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . ", "her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair ", "it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . ", "distinguish one sci-fi work ", "the molehill ", "toss it at the screen in frustration ", "knows its classical music ", "dragons ! ", "special ", "be very sweet indeed ", "'s too long and unfocused ", "it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . ", "creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . ", "the overall fabric is hypnotic , ", "finely ", "a satisfying destination ", "the benjamins that 's hard to resist ", "too much resonance ", "live happily ", "less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates ", "fun or ", "assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . ", "rare window ", "that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . ", "it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven ", "rare documentary ", "predictable and cloying , ", "the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . ", "inspiring hope ", "the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape ", "flat , plodding picture ", "both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? ", "deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . ", "is both contrived and cliched ", "as emotionally grand ", "parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "strains ", "material realm ", "nothing to gain from watching they ", "because it plays everything too safe ", "almost as much as they love themselves ", "it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek ", "working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding ", "that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people ", "for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity ", "to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "just a string of stale gags , ", "a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast ", "i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed ", "nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . ", "fun ", "is a magician ", "manage to be spectacularly outrageous . ", "you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . ", "works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera ", "has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him ", "clever adaptation ", "simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live ", "based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . ", "is a tired one , ", "about sorority boys ", "a big time stinker ", "her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "makes the film special ", "strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "the movie is brilliant , really . ", "an interesting slice of history . ", "best special effects ", "the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . ", "emotionally strong and ", "with heart and humor ", "the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle ", ", the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ", "nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and ", "a rating of zero ", "there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp ", "pedestrian ", "critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development ", "includes too much obvious padding ", "punchy dialogue ", "an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures ", "the thornier aspects ", "adobo ", "` funny ", "an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar ", "of the bad reviews ", "and revolutionary spirit ", "a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece ", "scenes all end in someone screaming ", "thanks to great performances ", "he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "disappointing ", "that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . ", "fast-paced ", "techno-tripe ", "way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", ", wall-to-wall good time ", "the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 ", "destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' ", "luscious ", "has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . ", "even kids deserve better . ", "nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair ", "hollywood trap ", "a too-conscientious adaptation ", "all the comic possibilities of its situation ", "slightly naughty , just-above-average off ", "sharp and quick documentary ", "timeless and unique perspective ", "that manages to invest real humor ", "silly fluff ", "an extended , open-ended poem ", "will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . ", "... ( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . ", "a sardonic jolt ", "takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals ", "a clich\u00e9 left unsaid ", "while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't . ", "an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . ", "serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . ", "you 'd be wise to send your regrets ", "cagney 's ` top of the world ' ", "should pay money for what we can get on television for free ", "is bad ", "i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . ", "its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh ", "most savagely hilarious social critics ", "does not have ", "the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed ", "a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . ", "makes each crumb of emotional comfort ", "... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . ", "bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . ", "schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ", "has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . ", "is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ", "leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts ", "matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise ", "a feature debut ", "high-minded ", "rises to a higher level ", "script is n't up to the level of the direction ", "` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' ", "well-written and ", "repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery ", "a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder ", "in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal ", "about schmidt belongs to nicholson . ", "is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack ", "would have been better than the fiction it has concocted ", "phenomenon ", "... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint . ", "most good-hearted yet ", "ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . ", "was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . ", "touching ", "that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming ", "very sluggish ", "is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ", "there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . ", "progressed as nicely as ` wayne ", "is too bad ", "alienating ", "would go back and choose to skip it ", "of the potential for sanctimoniousness ", ", it has a genuine dramatic impact ", "all-night ", "one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness ", "of businesses ", "morgen and nanette burstein ", "engrossing piece ", "such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy ", "figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ", "so hilarious ", "graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies ", "the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . ", "get you ", "such a blip on the year 's radar screen ", "its recycled aspects , implausibility , ", "check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on ", "cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . ", "the corniest ", "worked wonders ", "corny television ", "achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars ", "earthly ", "as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but ", "a juicy soap opera ", "is an inspirational love story , ", "will have an intermittently good time ", "it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities ", "takes hold . ", "'s no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight ", "the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "which also seems to play on a 10-year delay ", "are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . ", "portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... ", "a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates ", "mainstream hollywood ", "infuriating about full frontal ", "but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . ", "wrap the proceedings up neatly ", "a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability ", "heartfelt ", "with so much passion ", "a hoot ", "triple x marks the spot . ", "comically dismal social realism ", "their place in the world ", "the cleverness , ", "director juan jose campanella ", "is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 ", "of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe ", "to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . ", "that with really poor comedic writing ", "a little weak -- and it is n't that funny . ", "an interesting look ", "is infectious . ", ", you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . ", "he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . ", "just slopped ` em together here ", "to win any academy awards ", "( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . ", "consider it ` perfection . ", "to be even worse than its title ", "a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications ", "questionable satirical ambivalence ", "joys in our lives ", "as compelling ", "nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises ", "an excellent companion piece ", "vibrant , colorful , semimusical ", "shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions ", "a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc ", "to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme ", "so much more ", "through the horrible pains of a death ", "of an impression ", "director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time ", "lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "one of the funnier movies in town ", "worth a look ", "a mostly magnificent directorial career ", "fact , even better ", "director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place ", "excellent performances on its side ", "in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness ", "so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . ", "the dreams of youth ", "the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol ", "observant of his characters ", "overlong soap ", "the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for ", "its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . ", "'s pretty stupid ", "saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles ", "can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . ", "the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises ", "offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . ", "pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama ", "the little nuances ", "the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein ", "enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over ", "ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . ", "are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . ", "is it a comedy ? ", "a 10-course banquet ", "like a good guy ", "an impeccable study ", "lower i.q. ", "authentically ", "real audience-pleaser ", "a fish that 's lived too long ", "a sweet treasure and something well worth ", "a fresh , entertaining comedy ", "the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ", "it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more . ", "bo derek made the ridiculous bolero ", "of her considerable talents ", "for juicy roles ", "argentinian thriller ", "addictive ", "worse stunt editing or ", "disjointed parody . ", "joyous , turbulent self-discovery ", "making up for any flaws that come later ", "handily ", "a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . ", "what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination ", "cinematic knack ", "to a film about a family 's joyous life ", "is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . ", "for all audiences ", "old-fashioned themes ", "the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly ", "the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick ", "rather brilliant ", "a processed comedy chop suey . ", "refreshed and hopeful ", "little action ", "whimper ", "the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . ", "clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation ", "a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch . ", "as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice ", "a more down-home flavor ", "for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works ", "a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film ", "and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated ", "nearly incoherent ", "pedestrian , flat drama ", "this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . ", "derived from a lobotomy ", "amazingly dopey ", "what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining ", "as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences ", "starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . ", "a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer ", "an unabashedly romantic picture ", "a nice little story ", "it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . ", "as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill ", "the dimming of a certain ambition ", "a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . ", "plain bad ", "exquisite acting ", "a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . ", "a party political broadcast ", "is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . ", "a difficult time ", "utterly ridiculous ", "sweeping , dramatic , ", "poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . ", "perfectly executed ", "plodding , peevish and gimmicky . ", ", those rejected must have been astronomically bad ", "like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . ", "slap her - she 's not funny ", "is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . ", "one of the funnier movies ", "irrational , long-suffering but cruel ", "fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . ", "impressive images ", "own cuteness ", "before it begins to fade from memory ", "your own cleverness ", "hard to stop watching ", "will forgive the flaws and love the film ", "a strong script , ", "lively and engaging examination ", "solid performances and ", "what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen . ", "a sweet-tempered comedy ", "as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist ", "parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . ", "the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers ", "unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance ", "while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ", "its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care ", "more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers ", "overripe episode ", "is vivacious ", "there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . ", "of an expert thriller ", "cultivated ", "for human connection ", "potent chemistry ", "a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . ", "who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", "that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for ", "is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ", "a throwback war movie ", "appear avant-garde ", "stuck around for this long ", "slightly humorous and tender story ", "out to be ", "crass and insulting homage ", "in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers ", "that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale ", "such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . ", "a magnetic performance ", "forgotten 10 minutes ", "the experience worthwhile ", "'s kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey ", "be embraced ", "distinctive discourse ", "gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... ", "bland hotels ", "intacto 's luckiest stroke ", "offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s ", "the thin veneer of nationalism ", "crisp framing , edgy camera work , and ", "a big fat pain . ", "constantly defies expectation ", "honest and loving one ", "are believable as people ", "alternately frustrating and rewarding . ", "the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . ", "puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers ", "special fishy community ", "fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", "( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence ", "makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . ", "a lot of talent ", "' i feel better already . ", "under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . ", "a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ", "the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . ", "working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ", "carry on their parents ' anguish ", "showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . ", "something wholly original ", "alternately melancholic , hopeful ", "for the memorable character creations ", "you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit ", "is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . ", "all its fusty squareness ", "viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance ", "a new , or inventive , journey ", ", then the film is a pleasant enough dish . ", "it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . ", "been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran ", "sandbox ", "continue to impress ", "looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man ", "assaultive ", "we never feel anything for these characters , and ", "it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s ", "weirdly appealing ", "too clumsy ", "provocative drama ", "with the pubescent scandalous ", "a company of strictly a-list players ", "perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey ", "it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ", "alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking ", "serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . ", "-- elegant technology for the masses -- ", "failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . ", "bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , ", "bore . ", "the four primary actors ", "fails to rise above its disgusting source material ", "a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you ", "realistic ' ", ", reverent , and subtly different ", "one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "uninvolving storytelling ", "middle east ", "the great minds ", "deadpan tone ", "well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process ", "first ", "an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more ", "the rarest kinds of films ", "feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . ", "got it right the first time ", "'s little to recommend snow dogs ", "waste viewers ' time ", "things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . ", "admire the film 's stately nature and ", "traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ", "'s far too tragic ", "any enjoyment ", "true-to-life characters ", "bitter taste ", "not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . ", "that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here . ", "sensuous and spirited ", "adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place ", "epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ", "deeply appealing ", "a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another ", "these characters become wearisome . ", "of both thematic content and narrative strength ", ", grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . ", "shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams ", "of a physician who needs to heal himself ", "adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . ", "no content ", "cool event ", "is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . ", "a film that is both gripping and compelling ", "to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . ", "to his day job ", "that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans ", "stupid ", "those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . ", ", the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . ", "doltish and uneventful ", "so stupid ", "does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson ", "the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller ", "eloquent , deeply felt ", "full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! ", "ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... ", "a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera ", "for with its heart ", "to feel like you were n't invited to the party ", "has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , ", "offering fine acting moments ", "it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . ", "miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . ", "s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective ", "wilco fans will have a great time ", "graces ", "tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english ", "has worked wonders with the material ", "provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . ", "aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . ", "with considerable aplomb ", "an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie ", "a side dish of asparagus ", "reaches across time and distance ", "flimsy flicks ", "shot like a postcard ", "a dramatic slap ", "panic ", "stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", "losers ", "did n't offer an advance screening ", "need to try very hard ", "must have been lost in the mail ", "with the lovely hush ", "a great missed opportunity ", "phony imagery or music ", "look ahead and resist living in a past ", "left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism ", "an effective portrait of a life in stasis ", "held my interest ", "than this mess ", "a nice change of mindless pace in collision ", "hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to ", "invulnerable as its trademark villain ", "oddly humorous ", "tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense ", "oral storytelling frozen onto film ", "feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . ", "'d be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . ", "to probe questions of attraction and interdependence ", "the great pity ", "a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago ", "suspect it might deliver again and again ", "picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . ", "'s sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . ", "lyne 's stolid remake ", "impudent ", "prepare to marvel again . ", ", it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . ", "decent draft ", "action-packed an experience ", "weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling ", "our best achievements ", "like the guys ", "unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism ", "poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat ", "noisy and pretentious ", "plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter ", "ragbag ", "a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . ", "is one only a true believer could relish . ", "makes it a party worth attending . ", "well worth revisiting as many times as possible ", "of a predictable outcome and a screenplay ", "no , i love it ... hell , i dunno . ", "contrived , unmotivated , and ", "does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . ", "makes it worth the trip to the theater ", "takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion ", "as naturally charming ", "the ` wow ' factor ", "thanks to the presence of ` the king ", "thought-provoking new york fest ", "-- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- ", "hard to resist his enthusiasm ", "gorgeous epic ", "intensely romantic , ", "rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys ", "the fun ", "i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but ", "empty , purposeless ", "this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day ", "a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid . ", "fanboy ", "clever in spots ", "legally blonde and sweet home abomination ", "cold movie ", "an action/thriller ", "is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . ", "its crapulence ", "so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "'s a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . ", "i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . ", "worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance ", "drama . ", "the year 's best ", "will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . ", "rates as an exceptional thriller . ", "it is quite a vision . ", "beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay ", "arguably the best script that besson has written in years . ", "a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . ", "the color sense of stuart little 2 ", "had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine ", "entertainment that parents love to have their kids ", "as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , ", "its magic ", "the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble ", "we often reel in when we should be playing out ", "is nicely shot , well-edited ", "without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . ", "it 's horribly depressing and not very well done . ", "still-inestimable contribution ", "'s quite diverting nonsense ", "little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding ", "'s muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly ", "spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier . ", "color and creativity ", "this nervy oddity , like modern art should . ", "makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should ", "do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ", "whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism ", "assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . ", "drown out ", "sentimentality and annoying ", "breathes extraordinary life ", "the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet ", "i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . ", "exaggerated and broad ", "'s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him ", "not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . ", "canny , meditative ", "a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products ... ", "pulp melodrama ", "a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales ", "delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . ", "required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike ", "a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone ", "on dave barry 's popular book of the same name ", "seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference ", "a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay ", "( vainly , i think ) ", "be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other ", "collapses ", "unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . ", "sick and demented ", "make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated ", "bargain-basement european pickup ", "optimism ", "has flopped as surely as a souffl\u00e9 gone wrong . ", "forget ", "the movie 's progression ", ", resonant gem ", "a captivating coming-of-age story ", "almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time ", "is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years ", "admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and ", "a documentary and more propaganda ", "surprisingly uninvolving ", "educational ! ", "landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "runs 163 minutes ", "is about to turn onto a different path ", "this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . ", "like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . ", "amnesiac ", "a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . ", "nonsensical and ", "must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride ", "manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish ", "a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ", "plays like john le carr\u00e9 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . ", "college ", "wastes an exceptionally good idea ", "is needed to live a rich and full life ", "fluffy ", "is worth seeking ", "looks good ", "too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy ", "it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation ", "solid storytelling . ", "its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals ", "the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise ", "and crude humor ", "a young american , ", "do justice ", "anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer ", "scenic ", "of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up ", "an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point ", "their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people ", "to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . ", "that leaves you wanting more ", "vain for a movie ", "the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "welcome with audiences ", "'s also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "at last ", "proves it 's never too late to learn . ", "full of masters of both ", "a heavy-handed indictment ", "who knows how to hold the screen ", "a successful adaptation and ", "waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie ", "its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . ", "in a class with spike lee 's masterful ", "the slack complacency ", "read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . ", "'s steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "the formula is familiar but enjoyable . ", "rediscovers his passion in life ", "here seems to have recharged him . ", "'s shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "a beyond-lame satire , ", "admire the film 's stately nature ", "splendid singing ", ", they prove more distressing than suspenseful . ", "done that ... a thousand times ", "about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love ", ", lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . ", "ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . ", "with tremendous skill ", "smug or sanctimonious ", "around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "the misery of these people ", "but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script ", "that should please history fans ", "to confront their problems openly ", "is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . ", "comedically labored ", ", inner-city autistic ", "'s plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . ", "all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but ", "a besotted and obvious drama ", "miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout ", "it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , ", "more plot ", ", the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . ", "that clever angle ", "if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . ", "evokes a palpable sense ", "most charmless ", "was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive ", "it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long . ", "wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? ", "its poignant and uplifting story ", "decent performances ", "if it 's filmed tosca that you want ", "it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . ", "we call the ` wow ' factor ", "photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . ", "translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard ", "stifling morality tale ", "while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . ", "characteristically startling visual style and ", "chokes on . ", "'s not enough substance here ", "through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem ", "garden music video ", "furiously funny pace ", "deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture ", "it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop ", "terrible adaptation ", "the pale script ", "may not be an important movie , or even a good one ", "just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ", "alternately fascinating and frustrating ", "of b-movie excitement ", "may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . ", "too much power , not enough puff ", "in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "'s because relatively nothing happens ", "ultimately satisfies with its moving story ", "worst possibilities ", "a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent ", "is not the most impressive player ", "for most of the movie 's success ", "you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for ", "'re far better served by the source material ", "odd and intriguing ", "if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy ", "better still ", "a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario ", "driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... ", "'s sweet . ", "'s not wallowing in hormonal melodrama ", "deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride ", "gooeyness ", "the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ", "alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight ", "as stiff , ponderous and charmless ", "wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned ", ", it 's exploitive without being insightful . ", "hideousness ", "to drag as soon as the action speeds up ", "likely to induce sleep than fright ", "offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . ", "i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits ", "scratching your head ", "assured , vital and ", "fairly unsettling scenes ", "should have stayed there . ", "to keep it from being maudlin ", "a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . ", "sad , soggy potboiler ", "to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue ", "into a gentle waking coma ", "at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . ", "go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ", "a charmer ", "one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema ", "welcome and heartwarming addition ", "clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . ", "of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters ", ", not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it ", "stylized swedish fillm ", "will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy ", "arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . ", "he will once again be an honest and loving one ", "a pathetically inane and unimaginative ", "low , smoky and inviting sizzle ", "great to begin with ", "so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad ", "despite the opulent lushness of every scene ", "the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "elegant technology for the masses ", "filming the teeming life ", "compelling enough ", "there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . ", "offers a guilt-free trip ", "can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality ", "a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ", "top-notch action powers ", ", the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . ", "sentimentality and annoying stereotypes ", "that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one ", "digital photography ", "asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life ", "inside the wave ", "spirit is a visual treat ", "works beautifully ", "most horrific ", "wickedly undramatic ", "duvall is strong as always . ", "take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "almost perpetually wasted characters ", "makes up for with its heart . ", "amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "patchy combination of soap opera , ", "terminally bland ", "is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects ", "is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . ", "the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware ", "goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . ", "the self-image of drooling idiots ", "infuriating film . ", "this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . ", "hopelessly ", "an already obscure demographic ", "lumbering ", "good yarn-spinner ", "genuinely moving ", "extra-dry ", "don ", "self-indulgent ", "immaturity ", "very charming and funny movie ", "almost mystical work ", "no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract ", "of purpose and even-handedness ", "'s supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ", "a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . ", "shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream ", "inimitable diaz ", "gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' ", "-- in the title role -- ", "'s always fun to watch ", "would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful ", "most deceptively amusing comedies of the year ", "an empty shell ", "this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ... ", "should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake ", "is n't even a movie ", "enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . ", "first-rate performance ", "instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . ", "have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama ", "rank ", "charge money for this ? ' ", "warm and well-told tale ", "old-fashioned , occasionally charming ", "a bodice-ripper for intellectuals ", "when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . ", "touching british comedy ", "imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . ", "if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and clich\u00e9 ", "if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making ", "one of the year 's best films ", "good video game movie ", "the excellent performances ", "an absorbing look ", "has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' ", "has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness ", "it magic ", "amusing and unexpectedly insightful ", "creepy , intermittently powerful study ", "is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ", "poor editing , bad bluescreen , ", "of unbridled greed and materalism ", "may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours ", "all the hallmarks of a movie ", "contrived , lame screenplay ", "and ( too ) short ", "the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . ", "somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them ", "'s like having an old friend for dinner ' ", "all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost ", "beats new life ", "with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set ", "a bit exploitative but also nicely done , ", "slightly unfulfilled ", "than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy ", "the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . ", "infantile cross-dressing routines ", "comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours ", "who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . ", "dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement ", ", alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . ", "for true fans ", "in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . ", "solidly entertaining and moving family drama ", "'ll probably love it ", "evokes a palpable sense of disconnection ", "a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; ", "one funny popcorn flick . ", "creative act ", "( including a knockout of a closing line ) ", "had been developed with more care ", "if i want a real movie ", "it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . ", "some of the worst dialogue ", "unoriginal terms ", "a slick , engrossing melodrama ", "abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . ", "lamer instincts ", "excruciatingly unfunny ", "its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "really strong second effort ", "are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style ", "has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star ", "think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch . ", "solid , psychological action film ", "we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french ", "popcorn ", "drawing wrenching performances ", "benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing ", "the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , ", "sobering , heart-felt drama ", "an imitation movie ", "'s no place for this story to go but down ", "is such a blip on the year 's radar screen ", "brutally labored and unfunny ", "feel-bad ending ", "`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way ", "makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture ", "cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults ", "an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . ", "charm , cultivation and devotion ", "devote time to see it ", "likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ", "a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds ", "who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", "too bland and ", "more repetition than creativity ", "19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick ", "in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective ", "the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug ", "90-plus ", "dialogue and inventive moments ", "when it is n't incomprehensible ", "that it ca n't help but engage an audience ", "exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken ", "even more important ", "a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago ", "you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge ", "of our best actors ", "'s endgame ", "originality ai n't on the menu ", "emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary ", "the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , ", ", clarity and emotional ", "artsy ", "aimless , arduous , ", "this is n't a movie ", "something provocative , ", "flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism ", "take us by surprise ... ", "the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . ", "unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters ", "'ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane ", "a bad taste in your mouth and questions ", "just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work ", "and just plain dumb ", "is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own ", "'s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . ", "have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up ", "wind-in-the-hair exhilarating ", "to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary ", "see what he could make with a decent budget ", "how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time ", "no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting ", "made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . ", "something provocative ", "in a shabby script ", "oscar wilde 's classic satire ", "the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box ", "disgusting to begin with ", "julia roberts wannabe ", "go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . ", "most opaque , self-indulgent ", "is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work ", "infectious enthusiasm ", "in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes ", "sultry ", "keeps you ", "slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing ", "has humor and heart and very talented young actors ", "lets things peter out midway ", "to the film 's considerable charm ", "greenlight ", "simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . ", "an autopilot hollywood concoction ", "that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "perfectly pleasant ", "there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right . ", "dehumanizing and ", "sophisticated performance ", "feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . ", "strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain ", "complex , laden with plenty of baggage and ", "ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . ", "wonderful performances ", "as often imaginative ", "shaky ", "to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel ", "has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . ", "destroy is also a creative urge ", "'s also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . ", "is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . ", "of playing with narrative form ", "giant spider invasion comic chiller ", "who loves both dance and cinema ", "it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . ", "pastel landscapes ", "a superficial way , while never sure ", "there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down ", ", it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . ", "an inspired portrait ", "does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . ", "'s good-natured and sometimes quite funny ", "life-changing chance encounters ", "is so self-pitying ", "are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . ", "has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player ", "ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . ", "a thriller with an edge -- ", "a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . ", "the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and ", "... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . ", "too much exploitation ", "does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story . ", "all excited about a chocolate eclair ", "bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", ", in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music ", "works better the less the brain is engaged ", "is born to play shaggy ! ", "the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . ", "casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired ", "what a reckless squandering ", "the nicest thing ", "spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", "the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . ", "rodrigues 's ", "you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . ", "an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . ", "too ludicrous and borderline insulting ", "an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy ", ", incoherence and sub-sophomoric ", "trailer-trash style ", "playing the obvious game ", "treasure . ", "is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . ", "occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold ", "a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode ", "offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid ", "the funnier movies ", "offers opportunities for occasional smiles ", "a major waste ... ", "fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . ", "is a little scattered -- ditsy , ", "with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many ", "hitting the audience over the head with a moral ", "is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "layered richness ", "making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest ", "hackneyed elements ", "serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . ", "disjointed ", "romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . ", "little catch ", "likeable ", "could be so flabby ", "the flawed support structure ", "even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . ", "timely and ", "can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor ", "offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and ", "combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . ", "a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie ", ", find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . ", "costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . ", "in frustration ", "whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . ", "magic and whimsy ", "once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . ", "with false starts ", "precision ", "like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz ", "the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy ", "a transparently hypocritical work ", "is a truly , truly bad movie ", "this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs ", "enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens ", "is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . ", "hugely rewarding experience ", "freddy gets molested ", "with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ", "into a really funny movie ", "an intriguing and alluring premise ", "the most original american productions ", "nothing happens , and ", "the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion ", "` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... ' ", "... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . ", "( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make us love it , too . ", "'s a pale imitation . ", "if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ", "some success with documentaries ", "vulgarity , sex scenes ", "the robust middle of this picture ", "rushed ", "creepy crawlies ", "misanthropic stuff ", "shows moments of promise ", "lowly studio hack ", "compelling , gut-clutching piece ", "the artwork is spectacular ", "stare and sniffle ", "a snore and utter tripe ", "haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue ", "hard to make the most of a bumper ", "timid and soggy ", "another wholly unnecessary addition ", "by this tired retread ", "beloved ", "represents an engaging and intimate first feature ", "just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar ", "never feels draggy ", "full of surprises ", "swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... ", "canada 's arctic light ", "to match the power of their surroundings ", ", intelligent eyes ", "unexpectedly rewarding ", "is unashamedly pro-serbian ", "a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt ", "between realistic characters ", "hold up pretty well ", "with no signs of life ", ", is a note of defiance over social dictates . ", "the consciously dumbed-down approach ", "20th ", "swept away ", "offer much more than the series ", "the flat dialogue ", "is a real charmer ", "maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . ", "do n't have a clue on the park ", "the film 's problems ", "various characters express their quirky inner selves ", "a live-wire film ", ", it would still be beyond comprehension ", "be tried as a war criminal ", ") an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . ", "those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . ", "a satisfying crime drama ", "lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . ", "generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ", ", passion , and genius ", "dour ", "they turn out to be delightfully compatible here ", "fallen ", "quirky , charming and often hilarious ", "an ease in front of the camera ", "nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding ", "this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "of inept filmmaking ", "devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry ", "do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . ", "no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - ", "to pull his head out of his butt ", "brimming ", "are quite touching ", "nonconformist ", "99-minute ", ", windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . ", "funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre ", "turn out to be delightfully compatible here ", "the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and ", "lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable ", "it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative ", "tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "playwriting ", "a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "a milquetoast movie ", "is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . ", "a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should ", "'s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", "a touching , sophisticated film ", "12th oscar nomination ", "suck ", "domestic tension and unhappiness ", "content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ", "the story subtle and us in suspense ", "than you could have guessed at the beginning ", "are woven together skilfully ", "if i stay positive ", "assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne ", "even less capable trio ", ", this is a must ! ", "to imagine acting that could be any flatter ", "soggy performances ", "the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring ", "beautifully read and ", "delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation ", "no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "puzzling ", "who re-invents himself ", "scored and powered ", "a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans ", "they do n't fit well together and neither is well told ", "an average b-movie with no aspirations ", "a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; ", "brims with passion : ", "a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children . ", "infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm ", ", claustrophobic ", "that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . ", "wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . ", "as boring ", "streamed across its borders ", "a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well ", "'s just that it 's so not-at-all-good . ", "the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . ", "the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . ", "ultimately winning story ", "where story is almost an afterthought ", "makes it look like a masterpiece ", "it hates its characters . ", "to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience ", "with humor , warmth , and intelligence ", "as decent drama/action flick ", "used to burn every print of the film ", "visually atrocious , ", "performed a difficult task indeed ", "remarkable yet ", "he fails . ", "funny , sexy , and rousing ", "writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . ", "just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . ", "the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment ", "it is a remarkably original work . ", "such sensitivity ", "smart , sassy and exceptionally charming ", "forgot ", "is presented with great sympathy and intelligence ", "a sweet treasure and something ", "starts making water torture seem appealing ", "a tour de force ", "fit the incredible storyline to a t. ", "a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ", "the astonishingly pivotal role ", "be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still ", "-- as well its delightful cast -- ", ", the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . ", "in this crass , low-wattage endeavor ", "that 's what makes it worth a recommendation ", "wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd ", "ok for a movie ", "tug at your heart in ways ", "it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s . ", "are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes ", "is a feast for the eyes ", "unexpected comedy ", "same old garbage ", "was kind of terrific once ", "top-notch action powers this romantic drama ", "seeing something purer than the real thing ", "'s critic-proof , simply because it aims so low ", "endlessly repetitive ", "exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision ", "love , longing ", "created a provocative , ", "nearly every attempt at humor ", "an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ", "cheapened ", "give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once ", "once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy ", "the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . ", "has little to do with the story ", "magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "( a ) soulless , ", "of the most exciting action films ", "manipulative claptrap , ", "this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . ", "is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie ", "to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists ", "reflective and ", "toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ", "i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . ", "something a little more special behind it ", "drags it back ", "too amateurish ", "among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film ", ", hard-hitting documentary . ", "work -- is charming ", "finds warmth in the coldest environment and ", "cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . ", ", so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? ", "a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise ", "the past 20 minutes looking at your watch ", "a landmark ", "invaluable record ", "did n't find much fascination in the swinging . ", "non-firsthand experience ", "more disciplined grade-grubbers ", "at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes ", "loved this film . ", "that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be ", "into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games ", "only the odd enjoyably chewy lump ", "fine production ", "to break free of her old life ", "edits ", "it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ", "is genial and decent ", "one lousy movie ", "its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . ", "virtually unwatchable ", "come to earth ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned ", "even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "( and beautifully edited ) ", "'s never as solid ", "almost senseless ", "is , as comedy goes , ", "the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations ", "a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... ", "the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful ", "rich with human events ", "the trees hooting it 's praises ", "essentially ruined -- or , rather , ", "a smart , nuanced look ", "vulgarities ", "a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , ", "muddy ", "no rest period , ", "is a failure ", "enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other ", "full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . ", "except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it ", "laughs ", "first-class , thoroughly involving ", "humble , teach and ultimately ", "despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . ", "to give the film the substance it so desperately needs ", "is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized ", "eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch ", "it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . ", "invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? ", ", you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours ", "serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . ", "of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence ", "paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel ", "a warm and well-told tale ", "it 's fun , but it 's a real howler . ", "watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . ", "clever , offbeat and ", "promising ", "painful as the grey zone ", "enthusiastic ", "it were , well , more adventurous ", "inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage ", "emptiness and maddeningly ", "is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . ", "smear ", "nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . ", "cheap hysterics ", "'s really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out ", "is a fascinating little tale . ", "a pianist , but a good human being ", "the great films ", "a mimetic approximation of better films ", "has made a decent ` intro ' documentary ", "is oscar-worthy . ", "see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ", "does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie ", "is remarkably dull with only caine ", "an overflowing septic tank ", "that 's been given the drive of a narrative and ", "fairly trite narrative ", "generally a huge fan ", "is all the more remarkable because it ", "gets bogged down over 140 minutes . ", "came up with a treasure chest of material ", "seriously dumb characters , ", "the wrong things ", "'s undone by a sloppy script ", "you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it ", "in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short ", "best films ", "for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . ", "graceful , moving tribute ", "has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . ", "conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a bu\u00f1uel retrospective . ", "that even freeman ca n't save it ", "complete denial about his obsessive behavior ", "this delicate coming-of-age tale ", "a remarkably accessible and haunting film ", "violence overshadows everything ", "love ", "would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera ", "emotionally strong and politically potent ", "the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ", "wilson and murphy ", "object lesson ", "i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops ", "deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . ", "'s fun ", "virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it ", "worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america ", "about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . ", "lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . ", "long bore . ", "undercuts ", "shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , ", "enough cool fun here ", "of a poetic ", "a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters ", "the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on b\u00fcttner -- and ", "veered off too far into the exxon zone ", "a fascinating , bombshell documentary ", "and artistic transcendence ", "road movie , coming-of-age story and ", "howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a bu\u00f1uel retrospective . ", "gives the lie to many clich\u00e9s ", "contemplation ", "muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . ", "the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious ", "recognize ", "the execution is pretty weary ", "holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . ", "ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "gang ", "'s still a sweet , even delectable diversion . ", "to top form ", "for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . ", "control-alt-delete simone ", "better than the phantom menace ", "spies ", "shout insults at the screen ", "'s a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium ", "one long ", "significantly different ( and better ) than most films ", "living far too much ", "are laughs aplenty ", "no laughs . ", "surprisingly engrossing ", "with clever dialogue and likeable characters ", "just a string of stale gags ", "a funny little movie ", "not quite ", "hollow mockumentary ", "sci-fi thriller ", "a tired tyco ad ", "hard-pressed ", "an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud ", "sketchy characters and immature provocations ", "as it provides a fresh view of an old type ", "of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent ", "painful , obnoxious ", "it 's a masterpiece . ", "instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid ", "alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . ", "by all means ", "nuances ", "try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but ", "see this delightful comedy ", "in all the right ways ", "the death ", "to the grayish quality of its lighting ", "friends will be friends through thick and thin ", "it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before ", "'s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original ", "compelling look ", "here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . ", "reenacting a historic scandal ", "( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ", "it 's funny . ", "fascinating than the results ", "shindler ", "post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . ", "spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . ", "feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake ", "most original ", ", overlong , and bombastic ", "an avid interest in the subject ", "from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen ", "which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing ", "this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . ", "very stilted in its dialogue ", "applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ", "... hypnotically dull . ", "fine ", "handed down from the movie gods ", "be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year ", "you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . ", "to be as naturally charming as it needs to be ", "energetic and ", "is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . ", "maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral ", "the right movie ", "scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . ", "it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . ", "about female friendship that men can embrace and women ", "starts out with tremendous promise , ", "humorless ", "shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ", "goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but ", "engaging story ", "dreary , humorless soap opera ", "a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) ", "decay ", "remarkably original ", "eighth-grader ", "happy gilmore or the waterboy ", "old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . ", "sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters ", "is hell ", "can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art ", "with a sickening thud ", "genial romance ", "crudity ", "gets vivid , convincing performances ", "acted , quietly affecting cop drama ", "directed with purpose and finesse ", "brushes ", "suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life ", "with so much first-rate talent ", "out of control ", "with the titillating material ", "he slaps together his own brand of liberalism ", "juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , ", "a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television . ", "fast-moving ", "the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy ", "to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", ", the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . ", "themes that interest attal and gainsbourg ", "the way this all works out ", "the characters are paper thin ", "ambiguous ", "can seem tiresomely simpleminded ", "well done and perfectly ", "recommend it enough ", "the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters ", "-- do n't worry ", "filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "emphasising her plight and isolation ", "dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters ", "languorous charm ", "you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson ", "nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . ", "a dark pit ", "ignorant ", "improbable as this premise may seem ", "visual poetry ", "no ", "it pushes its agenda too forcefully ", "eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece ", "attractive and talented ", "magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , ", "propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world ", "international acclaim ", "a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . ", "key strength ", "bravado kathy ! ", "mannerisms and self-indulgence ", "original film ", "wan ", "of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies ", "is n't downright silly ", "you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one ", "every once in a while a film ", "a lot of the smaller scenes ", "a full-length classic ", "grace and panache ", "daytime ", "nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- ", "an artist who is simply tired ", "cross-country road trip ", "about the worst thing chan has done in the united states ", "in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ", "swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes ", "such blatant and sickening product placement ", "of seeing justice served ", "since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . ", "playfully profound ", "drooling idiots ", "often-funny comedy ", "rousing , g-rated family film ", "beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy ", "gangster/crime comedy ", "successful on other levels ", "max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished . ", "very real and amusing ", "a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . ", "fascinating profile ", "enjoyable above average summer diversion ", "loneliness and insecurity ", "same easy targets ", "offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . ", "low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- ", "often very funny ", "a waste of fearless purity ", "beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting ", "solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were . ", "can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo ", "walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . ", "powerful sequel ", "its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity ", "far superior ", "a flat script and ", "roars with leonine power ", "properly spooky film ", "dumb drug jokes ", "finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . ", "the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- ", "the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow ", "not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . ", "is a vulgar ", "ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters ", ", here 's a fun one . ", "happy ", "two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema ", "smart movie ", "a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller ", "gorgeous ", "the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process . ", "you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . ", "tediously exasperating ", "writer and director burr steers knows the territory ", "enough clever and unexpected ", "( and fairly unbelievable ) finale ", "made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars ", "forgive the flaws and love the film ", "bitter end ", "is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice ", "the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice ", "wonderfully loopy ", "hopefully inspire action ", "green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment ", "the best in recent memory ", "affecting , amusing , sad and reflective ", "a sweet , tender sermon ", ", but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances ", "fake backdrops ", "fascinating but flawed look ", "blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . ", "apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "'ll wait in vain for a movie to happen ", "is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . ", "a joyous occasion ", "is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . ", "at his 12th oscar nomination ", "a vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", "an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . ", "could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction ", "a relentlessly globalizing world ", "it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy ", "an intense experience ", "who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron ", "having been slimed in the name of high art ", "come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc ", "a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . ", "to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man ", "straight-to-video ", "energy and innovation ", "anyone not into high-tech splatterfests ", "'s a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure ", "less concerned with cultural and political issues ", "dismiss -- moody , ", "is a real charmer . ", "know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again ", "no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare ", "... while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . ", "a moving , if uneven , success ", "do in this marvelous film ", "the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible ", "of the wondrous beats ", "makes the movie special ", "if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . ", "looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . ", "for instance , good things happen to bad people ", "a delightful little film ", "has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen ", "i did n't smile . ", "'s a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition ", "i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay . ", "the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . ", "in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him ", "long and eventful spiritual journey ", ", possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . ", "speak fluent flatula ", "to sell us on this twisted love story ", "small in scope , ", "dreary ", "'re in luck . ", "has no teeth ", "asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . ", "most resonant film since the killer ", ", difficult and sad ", "feels like a glossy rehash . ", "a simple `` goddammit ", "at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor ", "is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences ", "the best of the pierce brosnan james bond ", "originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies ", "its delivery is a complete mess ", "parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature . ", "the same problems ", "superficial humor ", ", the film is a good one ", "with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- ", "this oscar-nominated documentary ", "solutions ", "brutal honesty and respect ", "a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ", "our moviemakers ", "get on a board and , uh , shred , ", "did no one on the set have a sense of humor ", "a catastrophic collision ", "its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace ", "meticulous talent ", "are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones ", "at least one damn fine horror movie ", "'s just rather leaden and dull . ", "'s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff ", "yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but ", "foolish choices ", "full , irritating display ", "occasionally inspired dialogue bits ", "its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering ", "a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "most pleasurable expressions of pure movie ", "an emotional wallop ", "must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . ", "it 's so lackluster ", "mayhem and stupidity ", "move with grace and panache ", "jump-in-your-seat moment ", "horrifyingly ", "stabs ", "this poor remake ", "crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings ", "a wild comedy ", "( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . ", "i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit ", "with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clich\u00e9s . ", "an enjoyable trifle ", "to ultimately disappoint the action ", "satisfy ", "confuses its message with an ultimate desire ", "stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction ", "with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "too many films ", "been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie ", "is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . ", "simple and soapy ", "`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . ", "ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie ", "appreciation ", "that will amuse or entertain them ", "a very good film ", ", you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . ", "all add up to a satisfying crime drama . ", "'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . ", "so many false scares ", "a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , ", "the haphazardness of evil ", "the metaphors are provocative , but ", "pitch-perfect forster ", "is not ", "watchable stuff . ", "to an imitation movie ", "essentially juiceless ", "is n't breaking new ground ", "was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention ", "well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . ", "the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve . ", "'s never as solid as you want it to be ", "works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ", "fascinating they may be as history ", "turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody ", ", it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . ", "toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . ", "ponderous and ", "the action is dazzling ", "gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching ", "unhibited ", "of the credit for the film 's winning tone ", "... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . ", "recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting ", "edge to it . ", "to the tailor for some major alterations ", "has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . ", "even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . ", "made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "cocktail ", "where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad ", "the same easy targets ", "the mind to enter and accept another world ", "so substantial or fresh ", "doofus ", "to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation ", "this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end ", "really solid woody allen film ", "establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace ", "expanded vision ", "genuinely witty ", "as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ", "is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . ", "a compelling look ", "it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . ", "splendid actors ", "a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . ", "bad alternative music ", "loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , ", "rises to its clever what-if concept ", "we have come to love ", "he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up ", "more fun than conan the barbarian ", "the characters are intriguing and realistic ", "ham-fisted ", "it already has one strike against it . ", ", the movie makes two hours feel like four . ", "most of the problems with the film ", "darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping ", "hilariously , gloriously alive , and ", "the movie grows boring despite the scenery . ", "the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . ", "comfortable niche ", "of too many story lines ", "evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . ", "well-lensed ", ") lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . ", "that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , ", "stumbles ", "be patient with the lovely hush ", "captivates ", "of awakening and ripening ", "a depressing experience ", "worry ", "zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a ", "does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds ", "a lousy script ", "as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy ", "in eye-popping visuals ", "a huge heart ", "stirring tribute ", "practically every facet of inept filmmaking ", "is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy ", "slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and ", "astoundingly rich ", "feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo ", "quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . ", "injects just enough freshness ", "who ca n't act ", "the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast ", "'ve never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... ", "some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . ", "rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance ", "sexy , surprising romance ", "low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , ", "'s not enough substance ", "the charming result ", "that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters ", "'s a fantastic movie ", "real shame ", "a hunky has-been ", "are incredibly captivating and insanely funny ", "returns with a chase to end all chases ", "dangerously collide ", "is n't just ", "to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing ", "the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . ", "entertaining and audacious moments ", ", rent the disney version . ", "is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "nice , harmless date film ", "its writer-director 's ", "offering an original ", "the symbols ", "about openness , particularly the ", "make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . ", "be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated ", "it 's true ", "in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment ", "make this a comedy or serious drama ", "becomes a soulful , incisive meditation ", "make an excellent companion piece ", "is more accurate than anything ", "you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ", "so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "'s a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . ", "sluggish pacing ", "would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . ", "may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . ", "keep you wide awake and ", "not into high-tech splatterfests ", "that should be thrown back in the river ", "has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy ", "genuine dramatic impact ", "can relate ", "i do n't think so . ", "bittersweet film ", "deserves , at the very least , ", "like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : ", "with a humanistic message ", "begins as a seven rip-off , ", "this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "the incredible imax sound system ", "appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up . ", "crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope ", "is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . ", "is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless ", "a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "it 's his strongest performance since the doors ", "together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace ", "playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "'s best ", "an inexpressible and drab wannabe ", "likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . ", "of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s ", "there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . ", "everything that 's good ", "by a noticeable lack of pace ", "a medium-grade network sitcom -- ", "falling ", "( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina ", "emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook ", "'s one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . ", "'s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe ", "pinochet ", "allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk ", "hong kong master john woo ", "its material that is deliberately unsettling ", "insurance ", "most important and exhilarating ", "believability ", "functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . ", "deeply humanistic artist ", "amusing and engrossing ", "dull ", "that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form ", "is n't world championship material ", "the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between ", "too sappy for its own good . ", "the sorriest ", "if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . ", "as offensive ", "come even easier . ", "its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . ", "it made me feel unclean , and ", "it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch ", "tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing ", "generates little narrative momentum , and ", "if this is cinema ", "fall fast asleep ", "phony humility ", ", nonsensical and formulaic ", "this sensuous and spirited tale ", "the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . ", "pretty and gifted , it really won my heart ", "grows on you -- like a rash ", "under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun ", "golden book ", "a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ", "seem smug and cartoonish ", "it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' ", "pompous and garbled ", "rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year ", "a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen ", "amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media ", "an enjoyable choice for younger kids ", ", we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . ", "gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in ", "should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel ", "before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . ", "offers rare insight into the structure of relationships ", "it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies ", "wisdom ", "just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years ", "uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth ", "already relayed by superb ", "too thin ", "a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . ", "we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , ", "flickering reminders of the ties that bind us ", "is a riot ", "entertains not ", "the gags ", "another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... ", "smart , sassy and ", "on mgm 's shelf ", "a light-hearted way ", "the most disappointing woody allen movie ", "is nicely shot , well-edited and ", "the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking ", "it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and ", "preserving a sense of mystery ", "to offend ", "many talented people ", "gets molested ", "genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama ", "by cliches , painful improbability and murky points ", "herzog simply runs out of ideas and ", "director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ", "like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "inside information ", "you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . ", "transparently hypocritical work ", "ballot ", "sex with strangers ", "oscar nomination ", "has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . ", "underwhelming ", "` top of the world ' ", "intriguing ", "excruciating ", "in constant fits of laughter ", "engaging , imaginative filmmaking ", "as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . ", "it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . ", "normally could n't care less ", "is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . ", "borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own ", "between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows ", "deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . ", "it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . ", "beautifully made ", "though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape ", "the genius of the work ", "zippy jazzy score ", "realistic , urgent ", "historically significant , ", "priceless ", "a smile on your face and ", "is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . ", "dissing the film ", "it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably ", "'s taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating ", "angry and sad ", "fresh ", "pinheads ", "heart-felt ", "electric ", "farewell-to-innocence movies ", "might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . ", "seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested ", "its make-believe promise of life ", "not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . ", "the charismatic jackie chan to ", "the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes ", "your interest until the end and ", "deliberately and skillfully uses ", "although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . ", "prevails ", "the more hackneyed elements of the film ", "tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers ", "is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller ", "to be delightfully compatible here ", "commands ", "an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the ch\u00e2teau ", "detailing ", "like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . ", ", the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . ", "keenly observed and ", "by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' ", "is prime escapist fare . ", "his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him ", "you wanting more ", "smart , funny , subtle , and resonant ", "'s a masterpeice . ", "telling ", "'s really just another major league . ", "the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . ", "who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest ", "rather beautiful ", "dramaturgy ", "it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema ", "while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . ", "feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something ", "vibrant , and intelligent ", "able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history ", "the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ", "bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . ", "an inventive , ", "rich and intelligent film ", "they used to anymore ", ", standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "over-familiarity ", "the timeless spectacle ", "you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film ", "its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , ", "redundant ", "blazing ", "in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . ", "'s a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess ", "cinematic perfection ", "argentine retread ", "its nauseating spinning credits sequence ", "on the amateurish ", "lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . ", "makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ", "told well ", "the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here ", "an interest ", "check it out ", "a thriller with an edge ", "'s just brilliant in this ", "crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album ", "pretty much delivers on that promise . ", "offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . ", "goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and ", "the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality ", "a perfect family film ", "gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington ", "the story plays out slowly ", "is dreamy and evocative ", "the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget ", "squeeze the action and our emotions ", "is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating ", "take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche ", "genuinely pretty ", "is truth ", "pure composition and ", "from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "... an interesting slice of history . ", "improvise and scream ", "it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . ", ", virulently unpleasant excuse ", "fairly solid ", "fitting ", "stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "norton is magnetic as graham . ", "in a good way ", "altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece ", "undergo radical changes when it suits the script ", "i suspect it might deliver again and again ", "bad way ", "in a poorly ", "that efforts toward closure only open new wounds ", "about surprising us by trying something new ", ", ugly and destructive little **** ", "is strange and compelling ", "our best actors ", "amateur ' in almost every frame ", "an enjoyable big movie ", "it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken ", "a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ", "you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus ", "we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again . ", "celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' ", "religion that dares to question an ancient faith ", "yet i found it weirdly appealing ", "modern-day royals ", "much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , ", "appears not to have been edited at all ", "an infectious enthusiasm ", "whimsical comedy ", "give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . ", "ugly and ", "kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . ", "undone by a sloppy script ", "when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best ", "a crass and insulting homage ", "leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature ", "men of marginal intelligence ", "jabs ", "a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and ", "attuned ", "the action and special effects ", "'s supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . ", "the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . ", "equally engrossing ", "ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album ", "todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique ", "as deflated as he does ", "to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget ", "eee for excitement ", "exceptionally good idea ", "for a bad film ", "greatest films ", "you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you ", "that tell the best story ", "a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way ", "of a happy ending ", "emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing ", "the best little `` horror '' movie ", "wasted ", "the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore ", "their lack ", "secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . ", "like the excruciating end of days ", "this dreck ", "the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady ", "the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on b\u00fcttner -- ", "robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . ", "suspense on different levels ", "is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "hate it ", ", at times sublime , visuals ", "'s not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy ", "consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . ", "that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise ", "suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness ", "the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based ", "this leaden comedy ", "the best ensemble casts ", "consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , ", "terrific casting ", "is not the director at his most sparkling ", "are innocent , childlike and inherently funny ", "traffic ", "right at home in this french shocker ", "director peter kosminsky ", "the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . ", "are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ", "( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and ", "sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . ", "the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . ", "passion and energy ", ", the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . ", "just goes on and on and on and on ", "the final day of the season ", "a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . ' ", "deep , uncompromising curtsy ", "tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . ", "its mind ", "gives the lie to many clich\u00e9s and ", "too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary ", "home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . ", "an enormous feeling ", "banged their brains into the ground so frequently ", "the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . ", "you can actually feel good ", "capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves ", "an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . ", "does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time ", "'' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan ", "an authentic feel ", "at lengthy dialogue scenes ", "yet depressing film ", "keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity ", "a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich\u00e9 of japanese animation ", "ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production ", "attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago ", "the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) ", "and educational ! ", "crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . ", "'ve got a huge mess ", "good actors ", "tiring than anything ", "kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . ", "are beautifully ", "meandering ending ", "engross even the most antsy youngsters ", "vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", "chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact ", "emerges as a numbingly dull experience . ", "more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead ", "we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . ", "rank frustration from those in the ", "they sometimes still can be made ", "the project should have been made for the tube . ", "to head off in its own direction ", "with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ", "fun for all ", "a thriller ", "'s repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery ", "a distinct rarity ", "some very good acting ", "not only a pianist , but a good human being ", ", the journey does n't really go anywhere . ", "appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting ", "kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . ", "highly professional film ", "wretched ", "the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough ", "in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . ", "rises to its clever what-if concept . ", "be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out ", "a pointed , often tender , examination ", "better drama ", "dramatically moving ", "you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind ", "far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , ", "more strongly ", "as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . ", "a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : ", "a very funny romantic comedy ", "halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it ", "authentic to the core of his being ", "sustain interest to the end ", "goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly ", "with a better script ", "racist portraits ", "that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done ", "sorry use of aaliyah in her one and ", "put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) ", "sophisticated , discerning taste ", "is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . ", "the film 's mid-to-low budget ", "captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . ", "compulsively watchable ", "drivel ", "freshman fluke ", "truly larger-than-life character ", "amusing personalities ", "insufficiently cathartic ", "let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out ", "this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . ", "a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . ", "work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . ", "kid-empowerment ", "breathtakingly assured and stylish ", "as a comedy ", "just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . ", "he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "intelligence and subtlety ", "any movie with a life-affirming message ", "rarely seem sure of where it should go ", "last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . ", "directing with a sure and measured hand , ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . ", "diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . ", "death , especially ", "nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . ", "are uniformly good . ", ", thoroughly involving ", "like mike is a slight and uninventive movie ", "could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls ", "is still charming ", "an accomplished actress ", "sleeper ", ", stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . ", "chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . ", "is too crazy to be interesting ", "messenger ", "elegant and sly ", "a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ... ", "most refreshing ", "a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . ", "into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "ironically killer soundtrack ", "the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen ", "the same number of continuity errors ", "is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . ", "this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life ", "was n't all that great to begin with ", "of visual charm ", "i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . ", "aplenty ", "form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . ", "is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . ", "the solid filmmaking ", "the storylines are woven together skilfully ", "a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about . ", "too is a bomb . ", "it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . ", "done cinematically ", "michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' ", "a terrible movie that some people ", "has a handful of smart jokes ", "cold ", "rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ", "a black comedy , ", "little wit and no surprises ", "penetrating ", "... also one of the most curiously depressing ", "consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny ", "hugely imaginative and successful ", "louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode ", ", he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "great performances ", "profound humanity ", "actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks ", "less-is-more ", "is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material ", "unexpectedly sweet ", ", racist humor ", "grand a failure ", "dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "that makes the formula fresh again ", "horse feathers ", ", who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . ", "it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . ", "rich in color and creativity ", "it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction ", "while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . ", "may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes ", "this clever and very satisfying picture ", "found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime ", "that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion ", "'re gon na like this movie ", "a certain ambition ", "ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic ", ", frightening war scenes ", "lagaan really is enormously good fun . ", "an equally miserable film the following year ", "i fear ", "the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "the relationship between reluctant ", "is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . ", "this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . ", "lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold ", "complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days ", "assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- ", "though it was written for no one , but somehow ", "dull in its lack of poetic frissons ", "its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) ", "a heart , mind or humor of its own ", "has its moments ", "a timid , soggy near miss . ", "just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "kind , ", "-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ", "shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , ", "it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , ", "like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas ", "is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . ", "most wondrously gifted artists ", "one-of-a-kind ", "full of the kind of obnoxious ", "for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . ", "well worthwhile ", "a meatier ", "through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special ", "throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . ", "half-hearted ", "others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . ", "an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . ", "expected ", "spreading ", "about their budding amours ", "even the bull gets recycled . ", "it a party worth attending ", "the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . ", "honored screen veteran ", "between farcical and loathsome ", "the actors ' perfect comic timing and ", "jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette ", "too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell ", "moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it ", "'d have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama ", "virtuous ", "is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce ", "is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . ", "deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf ", "is the action as gripping ", "enticing and often funny documentary . ", "it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away ", "in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo ", "seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . ", "acted offbeat thriller ", "soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' ", "perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , ", "plenty of fun for all ", "curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . ", "thoughtful what-if ", "something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance ", "can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", ", well-crafted family film ", "' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . ", "a pleasing , often-funny comedy . ", "a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . ", "actually clicks . ", "beautifully sung ", "it 's worth yet another visit ", "richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings ", "the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters ", "has thrown every suspenseful clich\u00e9 in the book at this nonsensical story . ", "great performance ", "the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction ", "it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... ", "undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective ", "a rather unique approach to documentary ", "scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . ", "with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "mostly believable , ", "gon na like this movie ", "a fascinating little thriller ", "its convolutions ", "just plain crap ", "essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered ", "of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "delicious and ", "an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . ", "it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and ", "would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes ", "an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends ", "as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die ", "highly predictable narrative ", "vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics ", "tepid and tedious ", "will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action ", "of both adventure and song ", "crassly flamboyant ", "florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama ", "that is the central flaw of the film ", "as bad at a fraction the budget ", "a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . ", "a masterpiece -- and a challenging one ", "like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , ", "of our respect ", "this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . ", "is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau ", "be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning ", "an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . ", "a tree ", "but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? ' ", "wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture ", "terrific b movie ", "after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . ", "a splendid job ", "in addition to scoring high for originality of plot ", "of all those famous moments ", "is why i have given it a one-star rating . ", "the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids ", "for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . ", "tasteful , intelligent manner ", "the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . ", "'s too harsh ", "'s a love story as sanguine as its title ", "as inspiring ", "its promising cast ", "summer season ", "silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller ", "hollywood program ", "the city 's old-world charm ", "has definite weaknesses ", "to shock and amaze ", "purports ", "with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes ", "a poignant comedy that offers food for ", "your reward ", "style and ", "confident enough ", "mortal awareness ", "is sordid and disgusting ", "is a children 's film in the truest sense ", "too fancy , not too filling ", "encouraging effort ", "the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable ", "delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . ", "rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . ", "maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . ", "the boho art-house crowd ", "limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action ", "addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage ", "altogether darker side ", "want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . ", "the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . ", "a film -- full of life and small delights -- ", "might not give a second look if we passed them on the street ", "a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency ", "i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british ", "the edge of your seat , tense with suspense ", "is surprisingly brilliant ", "cool crime movie ", "releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . ", "terminally brain dead production ", "emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt ", "its appeal ", "as i 'm the one that i want ", ", the score is too insistent ", "halfhearted ", "it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . ", ", every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . ", "laughably ", "an open wound ", "cultural and personal self-discovery ", "is off-putting ", "social and political potential ", ", stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . ", "with fewer gags to break the tedium . ", "does n't really believe in it , ", "the tinny self-righteousness of his voice ", "create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "by an angel simplicity ", "as a film director , labute continues to improve . ", "a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . ", "report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks ", "what 's best about drumline is its energy ", "the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ", "anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation ", "botched in execution ", "would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . ", "twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "is hilarious ", "tendentious ", "salvation ", "a fascinating study of isolation and frustration ", "... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . ", "what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . ", "'s fun , ", "the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and ", "too convenient ", "assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . ", "anti- ", "a-list ", "pleasurable movies ", "unbreakable ", "a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and ", "lovely and ", "written , flatly , ", "cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel ", "well-timed explosion ", "empty stud knockabout ", "the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful ", "at 2002 's sundance festival ", "have failed ", "accessible and ", "potty-mouthed enough ", "why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "manage to keep things interesting . ", "both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks ", "of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter ", "organized ", "is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve ", "of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements ", "flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up ", "` just letting the mountain tell you what to do ", "naipaul , a juicy writer ", "a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . ", "on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . ", "most beautiful , evocative works ", "an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone ", "witty feature ", ", it does n't even seem like she tried . ", "its music or ", "austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . ", "sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation ", "a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story ", "seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . ", "` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "ultimately empty ", "is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . ", "what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . ", "the value and respect ", "that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek ", "like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book ", "something hip ", "probably should ", ", life-affirming moments ", "that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony ", "makes the formula fresh again ", "of an already obscure demographic ", "a self-hatred instilled ", "the darkest variety ", "to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense ", "provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . ", "right conditions ", "it 's undone by a sloppy script ", "the director 's ", "amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , ", "win ", "'s fairly lame ", "in an art film ! ", "narc is all menace and atmosphere . ", "will enjoy seeing how both evolve ", "seems suited neither to kids or adults . ", "a remarkable film by bernard rose . ", "the rich performances ", "bravura performance ", "tells a fascinating , compelling story . ", "epic adventure ", "same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ", "a retread story , bad writing ", "a fairly weak retooling ", "it lacks in outright newness ", "but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . ", "love song ", "was written for no one ", "to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . ", "one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism ", "has one strike against it ", "one baaaaaaaaad movie ", ", i would go back and choose to skip it . ", "from films crammed with movie references ", "comatose ballerinas ", "smart , sassy ", "biographical fantasia ", "it 's uninteresting . ", "for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all ", "incessant ", "toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this ", "a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing ", "a spectator ", "offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed ", "already overladen with plot conceits ", "remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . ", "canny and spiced ", "farce and blood-curdling family intensity ", "one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue ", "repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but ", "perfect balance ", "behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- ", "an important movie , or even ", "the numerous scenes of gory mayhem ", "'s exactly what these two people need to find each other ", "eloquent memorial ", "the worst films of the summer ", "a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . ", "pure craft and ", "superb performances throughout ", "is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . ", "it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . ", "it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie . ", "of the most splendid ", ", whimsical feature ", "childlike dimness and ", "wo n't be an ) ", "had a lot of problems with this movie . ", "good action ", "the characters are so generic and ", "a lousy one ", "psychological ", "of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry ", "swooping down on a string of exotic locales , ", "by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ", "being very funny ", "contains no wit , only labored gags . ", "byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . ", "utter lack ", "an admirable ", "genuine love story ", "'s unfocused and tediously exasperating ", ", provocative drama ", "fantastic ", "assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , ", "catches the chaotic horror ", "deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . ", "brazenly misguided project ", "even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck ", "engages us ", "drains it ", "far less endearing ", "little propaganda film ", "gives ample opportunity ", "the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . . ", "as an actor 's showcase ", "diane lane 's sophisticated performance ", "the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . ", "has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book ", "the point of ridiculousness ", "gets the tone just right ", "emotional comfort ", "her welcome in her most charmless performance ", "seem like something to endure instead of enjoy ", "give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` ", "win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews ", "that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "often surprising ", "davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . ", "lushness ", "isolation ", "is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... ", "manufactured to claim street credibility ", "is barely ", "has a rather unique approach to documentary ", "he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . ", "has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . ", "sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special ", "the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy ", "may have been a good film in `` trouble every day ", "personal tragedy and also the human comedy ", "adrenaline jolt ", "a decent tv outing ", "'s just merely very bad ", "may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy ", "that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous ", "the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . ", "maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , ", "an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships ", ", the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . ", "a film that loses sight of its own story . ", "see coming a mile away ", "to mention absolutely refreshed ", "darling ", "he 's got as potent a topic as ever here ", "killer website movie ", "a naturally funny film , ", "i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . ", "this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . ", ", beloved genres ", "brilliantly constructed work ", "makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible ", "inspires more ", "fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . ", "'s quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ", "a mindless action movie ", "earnest ", "wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why ", "do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament ", "sane and healthy ", "sentimentalized ", "disbelief ", "and good intentions ", "... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . ", "storytelling ability ", "very meticulously but without any passion ", ", nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . ", "from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be ", "should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "miracle ", "stodgy ", "the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; ", "kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . ", "did n't care . ", "one strike ", "an undeniable entertainment value ", "absolutely and completely ridiculous ", "the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , ", "preposterousness ", "what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . ", "begins as a seven rip-off ", "hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film ", "one the public ", "soulless jumble ", "work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house ", "of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries ", "giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film ", "has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "bolado credit for good intentions ", "joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins ", "soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . ", "a fun and funky look ", "something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects ", "add up to a satisfying crime drama ", "too grave for youngsters ", "a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar ", "may put off insiders and outsiders alike . ", "fine performances ", "american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , ", "remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' ", "remind us ", "that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script ", "i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , ", "destroy ", "this unrelenting bleak insistence ", "secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting ", "davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy ", "far less endearing disabilities ", "just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . ", "the fun of the movie ", "of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", "witless and utterly pointless . ", "a fascinating literary mystery story ", "adult world ", "as miraculous as its dreamworks makers ", "all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings ", "shyamalan 's gifts , ", "exquisitely ", "... hokey art house pretension . ", "unwieldy cast ", "`` freaky friday , '' it 's not . ", "cultural intrigue ", "diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . ", "captured ", "intellectual and emotional pedigree ", "the highly predictable narrative falls short ", "you 'd want to smash its face in ", "low-budget constraints ", "personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . ", "dedication ", "then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . ", "share no chemistry or engaging charisma . ", "fussy ", "fairly weak retooling ", "just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller ", "a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ", "jealousy ", "ludicrous and contrived ", "is a convincing one , ", "insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . ", "wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time ", "british comedy . ", "a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities ", "is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you ", "gentle comedy ", "bless crudup ", "fun factor ", "compelling dramatic ", "of interest ", "a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release . ", "preachy ", "breezy movie ", "lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . ", "completely misses its emotions ", "an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "see it as soon as possible ", "drowns out ", "'s also one of the smartest ", "its metaphors ", "'s like having an old friend for dinner ' . ", "to the actress , and to her inventive director ", "there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence ", "wholly believable and heart-wrenching ", "not number 1 ", "the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . ", "a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ", "a cutesy romantic tale with a twist ", "little-remembered ", "its predictability ", "this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . ", "buddy cop comedy ", "of self-congratulation between actor and director ", "mel ", "that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ", "'s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . ", "with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . ", "delivers the same old bad trip ", "kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . ", "tasty ", "bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film ", "hits the bullseye ", "may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark ", "friendship , love , and the truth ", "just does n't add up . ", "parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ", "a compelling yarn , but not quite a ", "especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull ", "ol' ", "a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . ", "astonish and ", "lucratively ", "holds you in rapt attention from ", "crudup 's screen presence ", "director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . ", "a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . ", "imaginative through out ", "be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . ", "other than the very sluggish pace ) ", "developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else ", "a cesspool ", "is like nothing we westerners have seen before . ", "more goodies ", "never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . ", "of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey ", "iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin ", "'s often overwritten ", "an engaging story ", "like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people ", "ourselves and ", "of grief and loss ", "a bad sign ", "superior plotline ", "stretched out to feature length ", "the misery ", "not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy ", "recognizable ", ", virulent and foul-natured ", "trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ", "maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . ", "its intriguing subject ", "somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . ", "ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness ", "see her esther blossom as an actress ", "is phenomenal , especially the women . ", "are less than adorable ", "it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . ", "the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme ", "should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . ", "enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle ", "of anti-semitism ever seen on screen ", "accomplishes ", "the charm of kevin kline ", "is fantastic . ", "barely makes sense , with its unbelievable na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks . ", "because it overstays its natural running time ", "friday the 13th ", "reasonable ", "when none of them are ever any good ", "making this character understandable , ", "surprisingly inoffensive ", "lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen ", "a fresh view ", "dwindles ", "than i 'd expected it to be ", "who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting ", "unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ", "alfred hitchcock 's ", "everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "does display greatness ", "defend himself ", "to enjoy ", "a mere plot pawn ", "'s a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . ", "itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . ", "of flatly ", "sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . ", "tense with suspense ", "`` b + ", "tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm ", "terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its \u00e9lan , humor , bile , and irony ", ", nutty , consistently funny . ", "tragedies ", "endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ... ", "this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies ", "a director i admire ", "a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . ", "nasty aftertaste ", "the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , ", "like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . ", "offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . ", "making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often ", "its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . ", "a sweetly ", "herzog simply runs out of ideas ", "suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh ", "cell phones , guns , and ", "can take the grandkids or the grandparents ", "the fantastic ", "peevish and gimmicky ", "that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence ", "mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . ", "is enough to give you brain strain ", "sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard ", "the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance ", "threadbare standbys ", "the thin veneer ", "its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . ", "it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career ", "is far from disappointing ", "inconclusive ending ", "is all over the place ", "mysterious ", "funny and touching . ", "like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation ", "of the obvious cliches ", "capturing ", "a great film ", "a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ", "a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted ", "has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ", "end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it ", "i love it ... hell , i dunno . ", "best sequel ", "raucously amusing ", "gorgeous piano ", "less than fresh ", "whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation ", "splatter ", "'s a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn ", "feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting ", "trash ", "nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced ", "warm and winning ", "incurably ", "are sometimes inexpressive ", "shot on digital videotape rather than film ", "cinematic tragedies ", "the dry humor ", "a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort ", "a sad , sordid universe ", "few nonbelievers ", "artful , watery tones ", "a loud , witless mess ", "utterly misplaced ", "the pungent bite ", "... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit ", "ca n't support the epic treatment ", "flatly ", "be relegated to a dark video store corner ", "is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . ", "revelatory and narcissistic ", "co-winner ", "contorting itself into an idea of expectation ", "is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing ", "unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . ", "a goofy pleasure ", "is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ", "( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' ", "relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form ", "irresistible ", "through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling ", "is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . ", "something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . ", "wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits ", "besides its terrific performances ", "a vastly improved germanic version ", "admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency ", "gorgeous exterior photography ", "a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film ", "movie version ", "touching , raucously amusing , ", "most fascinating stories ", "listless , witless , ", "most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . ", "3-d ", "i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' ", "is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor ", "doze off during this one ", "spot on ", "last count ", "goes down easy ", "it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer ", "a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one ", "it throws you for a loop . ", "some major alterations ", ", action-packed chiller ", "it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit ", "from `` promising '' ", "a smart little indie . ", "visually flashy ", "she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . ", "engrossing and grim ", "also wanted a little alien as a friend ! ", "jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor ", "the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : ", "has failed him ", "do n't care about being stupid ", "rape and suspected murder ", "establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape ", "it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up ", "septic tank ", "could have guessed at the beginning ", "to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity ", ", repetitive and ragged ", "complex , ", "the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage ", "-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . ", "are lukewarm and quick to pass . ", "is presented with universal appeal ", "unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . ", "a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged . ", "a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . ", "me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "tossed in ", "have a new favorite musical ", "so vivid ", "the spirits of these young women ", "her presence succeeds in making us believe ", "spooky new thriller ", ", austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . ", "enough innovation or pizazz ", "bad prose ", "no quarter ", "nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "already obscure ", "for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore ", "a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . ", "ultimately life-affirming ", "itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but ", "innovations and ", "the divine calling ", "henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect ", "being real ", "acted and directed ", "but quietly effective ", "some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and ", "misogynist ", "collectively stellar performance ", "this nasty comedy ", "schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ... ", "wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step ", "a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "less charming than listening to a four-year-old ", "a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . ", "it 's so not-at-all-good ", "of the funniest jokes of any movie ", "this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . ", "i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable ", "in a fat man 's navel ", "to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "the beast should definitely get top billing ", "reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew ", "little attempt ", "taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and ", "backed by sheer nerve ", "a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , ", "handsome and ", "how both evolve ", "this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon ", "dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma ", "is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters ", "actually improves upon the original hit movie ", "from its unsettling prognosis ", "a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation ", "a technical triumph and an extraordinary ", "with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting ", "transfixes the audience . ", "the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers ", "patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", ", in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . ", "ethereal beauty ", "does all of this , and more ", "was vile enough . ", "writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and ", "positively ", "elicit a chuckle ", "to learn , to grow , ", "a complex web ", "stuffy , full of itself , ", "the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot ", ", beautiful scene ", ", imaginative kid 's movie ", "there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but ", "portrayed with almost supernatural powers ", "schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ", "( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression ", "a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic ", "pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic ", "itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy ", "it can comfortably hold ", "to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ", "this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . ", "begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue ", "pays off , ", "its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . ", "never seems aware of his own coolness ", "with flabby rolls ", "... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . ", "rude black comedy ", "miserably ", "best man '' ", "hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . ", "content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago ", "of elegant wit and artifice ", ", it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "do n't notice the 129-minute running time ", "an interesting topic ", "about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . ", "a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "is merely a charmless witch ", "why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . ", "undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . ", "hoffman 's powerful acting clinic ", "starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points ", "thoughtfulness ", "is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves ", "a kick ", "remarkable procession ", "that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 ", "adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' ", "may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . ", "a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community ", "less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . ", "tear-jerking ", "while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . ", "the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . ", "melodramatic movie ", "to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors ", "string together enough charming moments to work ", "hollywood kids ", "strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre ", "sensational , real-life 19th-century crime ", "as an entertainment destination for the general public ", "miraculous as its dreamworks makers ", "skip this dreck , rent animal house and ", "the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' ", "as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned ", "how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew ", "some very good acting , dialogue , ", "is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie ", "it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . ", "chaotic ", "the intoxicating fumes ", "has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . ", "weaknesses ", "to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie ", "grant is certainly amusing , ", "churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "every conceivable mistake ", "for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all ", "great sympathy and intelligence ", "stuffiest cinema goers ", "the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) ", "lame ", "their charisma ", "sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse ", "the inspiration of the original ", "has all the wiggling energy of young kitten ", "do n't really care for the candidate ", "what results is the best performance from either in years . ", "winning portrayal ", "the latter 's attendant intelligence ", "sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ", "of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) ", "the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back ", "has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should ", "shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . ", "tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . ", "it is n't very good ", "the worst of the brosnan bunch ", "to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ", "takes such a speedy swan dive ", "the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . ", "reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . ", "deliver a fair bit of vampire fun ", "does n't quite ", "a lynch-like vision ", "memorable ", "george 's haplessness ", "white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it . ", "truly is life affirming ", "all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new ", "to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , ", "want to think too much about what 's going on ", "she 's pretty and ", "an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . ", "be better as a diary or documentary ", "fights the good fight in vietnam ", "insightful enough ", "rent this on video ", ", the film is extremely thorough . ", "often inspiring ", "experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort ", "90 punitive minutes ", "putters ", "'s nothing remotely topical or sexy here . ", "philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron ", "right place ", "of true inspiration ", "is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion ", "we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . ", "controversial ", "it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . ", "such a great one ", "a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times ", "should strike a nerve in many . ", "rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge ", "general absurdity ", "thrills and extreme ", "the jokes , ", "with style ", "and more entertaining , too ", "though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . ", "on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis ", "is well crafted , and well executed ", "mind-numbing indifference ", "plenty of entertainment value ", "to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense ", "people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . ", "a spirit ", "warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level ", "puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars ", "'s still a rollicking good time for the most part ", "flavorless ", "sex with strangers is a success . ", "gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ", "deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . ", "she 's pretty ", "a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to ", "he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer . ", "'s back in form , ", "a coma-like state ", "evolved from star to superstar ", "as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "better video-game-based flicks , ", "constantly pulling the rug from underneath us ", "of heartfelt performances ", "so preachy-keen and ", "he 's afraid of his best-known creation ", "when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' ", "are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . ", "been acted out ", "far less crass ", ", walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . ", "be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality ", "chance to learn , to grow , to travel ", "we had to endure last summer , and ", "endearing about it . ", "the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar ", "aggravating ", "possibly the worst film ", "a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . ", "for anyone ", "for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense ", "decent ", "too manipulative ", "great performances , ", "good intentions leads to the video store ", "whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace ", "will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades ", "instantly forgettable and ", "remarkably cohesive whole ", "a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . ", "committed performances ", ", at 66 , has stopped challenging himself ", "it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ", "deliberately and skillfully ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and ", "a fiercely clever and subtle film ", "get made-up and ", "of a man with unimaginable demons ", "the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ... ", "the lack-of-attention span ", "added clout to this doc ", "modest , straight-ahead standards ", "ideal outlet ", "in his chilling , unnerving film ", "pertinent and enduring ", "could n't recommend this film more ", "bogs down in genre cliches here . ", "help overcome the problematic script . ", "'s enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . ", "those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "with the best of herzog 's works ", "structured and ", "avarice ", "rough edges ", "redundant , sloppy ", "the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear ", "the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr . ", "sell it ", "poorly structured ", "rich in emotional texture ", "before landing squarely on `` stupid '' ", "charming in comedies like american pie ", "knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , ", ", this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . ", "the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man ", "the sentimental cliches ", "somewhat tired ", "there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm ", "ca n't go wrong . ", "minority report ", "works more often than it does n't ", "for a silly hack-and-slash flick ", "a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous ", "much about the film , including some of its casting ", "hate to tear your eyes away from the images ", "that plays things so nice ", "if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . ", "his passion ", "the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "sparse but oddly compelling . ", "far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise ", "wise ", "broken characters ", "is visually smart , ", "he does display an original talent ", "is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . ", "magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . ", "so old-fashioned ", "but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . ", "give the movie points for ", "is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . ", "thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . ", "a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . ", ", awe-inspiring visual poetry ", "a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula ", "is essentially an extended soap opera ", "rock and stolid anthony hopkins ", "extra-large cotton candy ", "while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . ", "of a truly magical movie ", "groundbreaking endeavor ", "take the warning literally ", "the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . ", "the film has a terrific look and ", ", you 're gon na like this movie . ", "allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "love-struck ", "love and ", "a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . ", "any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . ", "nicely shot ", "good enough ", "with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ", "i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . ", "the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously ", "with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . ", "the most horrific movie experience ", "ugly and destructive little **** ", "disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ", "never loses its ability to shock and amaze . ", "competent performers ", "convincing portrayal ", "ver wiel 's ", "is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies ", ", it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . ", "pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . ", "uses the last act to reel in the audience ", "is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . ", "his prime ", ", dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters ", "mean ", "omitted nor a clich\u00e9 left unsaid ", "hazy ", "an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey ", "obscenity ", "luckiest stroke ", "are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster ", "means a great movie ", "though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . ", "like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . ", "that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works ", "into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell ", "has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ", "in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to ", "triumph ", "is n't as compelling or as believable ", "while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad . ", "a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film ", "a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... ", "is workmanlike in the extreme . ", "be surefire casting ", "however entertainingly presented ", "tendency ", "rich and luscious ", "a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative . ", "icky ", "the leads ) are such a companionable couple ", "the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . ", "'s still too burdened by the actor ", "be an honest and loving one ", "plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . ", "garbage ", "thought-provoking ", "strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "all as very important ", "like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . ", "listen to extremist name-calling ", "the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged ", "oscar-worthy ", "for all its brilliant touches ", "has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) ", "michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ", "dedicated artists ", "the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . ", "crossing-over mumbo jumbo ", "it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . ", "consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire ", "equally derisive ", "flaccid satire and what ", "surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy ", "cold , sterile and lacking ", "mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete ", "wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback ", "the outer limits of raunch ", "shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . ", "technically sumptuous but also ", "it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . ", "a brief amount of time ", "sanctimonious , self-righteous ", "by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy ", "your mind is being blown ", "urge to doze ", "quick-buck sequel ", "payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . "], "label": [1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0]}
{"sentence": ["the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . ", "is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . ", "too many characters ", "this rich and luscious ", "the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt ", "a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` ", "90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "in tired stereotypes ", "and completely ridiculous ", "realized the harsh reality of my situation ", "the pleasure of watching them ", "is a big time stinker . ", "a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title ", "a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ' ", "plots that never quite gel ", "of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers ", "the most inventive ", "flawed ", "delightful hand shadows ", "10 ", "get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees ", "plain dumb ", "the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul ", "of becoming a better person through love ", "spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . ", "powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "competent ", "this is a movie full of grace ", "colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor ", "inadequately motivated ", "its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and ", "predictable and cloying ", "offer some modest amusements ", "an ` a ' list cast ", ", invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . ", "what on earth is going on ", "'s kinda dumb ", "only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . ", "an adventurous young talent ", ", ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . ", "there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed ", "feels like a prison stretch . ", "the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . ", "juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . ", "vibrant , colorful world ", "dead production ", "that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling ", "stupid americans ", "essentially ruined -- or , rather ", "genuine and sweet ", "live the mood ", "more balanced or fair portrayal ", "morbid one ", "jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . ", "directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . ", "of the best looking and stylish ", "lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . ", "flounders under the weight of too many story lines ", "an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally ", "lackadaisical plotting and mindless action ", ", the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . ", "... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . ", "about one thing is a small gem . ", "misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece ", "predictable rehash ", "favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . ", "a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary ", "populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey ", "a playful spirit ", "solid acting ", "are well done and perfectly ", "first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . ", "victims ", "comes from the heart . ", "it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , ", "pretty decent ", "delivers a surprising ", "nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break . ", "accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film ", "manipulative and contrived ", "did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ", "real-life hollywood fairy-tale ", "makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates ", "of how sandler is losing his touch ", "to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances ", ", this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . ", "reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ", "if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . ", "offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing ", "the visuals , even erotically frank ones , ", "can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already ", "the whole dead-undead genre ", "its terrific performances ", "fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , ", "of a cesspool ", "the courage of its convictions and ", "many conclusive answers in the film ", "a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ", "can see without feeling embarrassed ", "a rambling and incoherent manifesto ", "that tries too hard to be emotional ", "could have -- should have ", "solid ' ", "antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories ", "and movie life ", "has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . ", "surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ", "is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate ", "that it risks monotony ", "derring-do ", "is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ", "seems to have recharged him . ", "this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and ", "serious contender ", "-- more accurately , it 's moving ", "have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . ", "such a bad movie ", ", you can do no wrong with jason x. ", "worthy and devastating ", "has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ", "anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "the premise itself is just sooooo tired . ", "flat dialogue ", "noir veil ", "a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , ", "the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . ", "wonderful cinematography ", "an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women ", ", for the most part , credible ", "it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ", "timid parsing ", "this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . ", "out-to-change-the-world ", "once again dazzle and delight us ", "it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . ", "'s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly ", "proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . ", "feels like a prison stretch ", "its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints ", "the ridiculous dialog ", "ca n't recommend it enough . ", "'s virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters ", "star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . ", "as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice ", "trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now ", "pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars ", "children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and ", "is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence ", "obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque ", "dullest science fiction ", "that does the nearly impossible ", "showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character ", "contrived , well-worn situations ", "shot two years ago ", "that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own ", "the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . ", "scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . ", "self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music ", "knockabout ", "does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . ", "impossible to care about ", "in which most of the characters forget their lines ", "a decent attempt ", "one of the great submarine stories ", "everywhere ", "fluffy neo-noir ", "a captivating drama ", "a realistically terrifying movie ", "holds the film ", "also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness ", "an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . ", "peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . ", "bored by as your abc 's ", "intricately structured and well-realized ", "a large dose of painkillers ", ", he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . ", "is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . ", "typical pax ", "to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits ", "fewer gags to break the tedium ", "the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", "collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . ", "do n't have a clue on the park . ", "sweetly conspiratorial ", "a mediocre tribute to films like them ", "created a masterful work of art of their own ", "there 's something about mary and both american pie movies ", "compassion , good-natured ", "the film ultimately fails ", "seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film ", "has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate ", "it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter ", "not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . ", ", then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . ", "usual fluttering and stammering ", "the top and movies ", "the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . ", "memorable experience ", "an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . ", "schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy ", "this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . ", "after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here ", ", big-hearted and frequently ", "redundancy ", "makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective ", "part biography , part entertainment and part history ", "small , sweet ` evelyn ", "gets tiresome ", ", director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "( h ) ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . ", "as a real movie ", "a big heart ", "illiterate ", "self-amused trash ", "string together enough charming moments ", "is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . ", "due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment ", "earnest homage ", "you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation ", "sharp comic timing ", "sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things ", "as ' a perfect family film ", "the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours ", "intriguing look ", "lax and ", "keep this from being a complete waste of time ", "a good match of the sensibilities of two directors ", "is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . ", "a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen ", "turned this ", "the clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ", "its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ", "dashing ", "despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . ", "practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over ", "this laughable dialogue ", "the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks ", "of obligatory cheap ", "farts , urine , feces , semen ", "a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater ", "'s clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long ", "'s propelled by the acting ", "storytelling prowess ", "seem smart and well-crafted in comparison ", "strong script ", "it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . ", "is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . ", "otherwise bleak tale ", "a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past ", "'s a sheer unbridled delight in the way ", "with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't ", "creepiest conventions ", "tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke ", "even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic ", "amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise ", "urban south korea ", "its star ", "russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . ", "highly watchable , giggly little story ", "subtle ", "with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy ", "the slow , lingering death of imagination ", "bad and baffling ", "brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel ", "sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling ", "a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department ", "'s thoroughly winning tone ", "its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy ", "humor , warmth , and intelligence ", "a rather unbelievable love interest ", "comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . ", "ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . ", "an overstylized , pur\u00e9ed m\u00e9lange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . ", "plain crap ", "`` project greenlight '' winner ", "hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . ", "growing up that we do n't see often enough these days ", "is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and ", "what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . ", "the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , ", "a hit - and-miss affair , ", "that tears welled up in my eyes both times ", "nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . ", "that it appears not to have been edited at all ", "salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation ", "makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera ", "'s hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously ", "be in video stores by christmas ", "snoozer ", "starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . ", "spoofs ", "an invaluable record ", "admire ", "this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . ", "about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . ", "the memorable character creations ", "at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness ", "ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles ", "generates little narrative momentum , ", "right tone ", "unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out ", "philosophers , not ", "of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics ", "loads of cgi and bushels of violence ", "good dialogue ", "appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , ", "the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity ", "freshly ", "is , alas , no woody allen . ", "that 's there to scare while we delight in the images ", "if the screenplay falls somewhat short ", "a special kind of movie ", "'s the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . ", "laced ", "jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . ", "filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ", "requiring a great deal of thought ", "with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . ", "the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . ", "'ve seen before ", "mira sorvino 's limitations ", "marveling ", "is rather pretentious ", "by laurice guillen ", "conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head ", "overrun modern-day comedies ", "brilliant touches ", "complex ", "a kitchen sink ", "campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images ", "thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot ", "is impossible ", "nagging ", "often exciting ", "the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one ", "a bright , inventive ", "jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . ", "it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him ", "for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ", "do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . ", "yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . ", "two bodies and hardly a laugh between them ", "action clich\u00e9s ", "is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe ", "at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles ", "dignified ", "boredom never takes hold . ", ", especially with the weak payoff ", "an unflinching and objective look ", "this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ", "a stupid , derivative horror film ", "rejects ", "is pretty damned funny ", "we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera ", "most devastating flaw ", "a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness ", "dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous ", "as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided ", ", this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . ", "a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor ", "bother watching past the second commercial break ", "deadly bore ", "are funny . ", "distinct and very welcome sense ", "of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "with her actors ", "'s as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right ", "try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . ", "is heartfelt and achingly real ", "junk-calorie ", "becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't . ", "that even tunney ca n't save ", "'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . ", "the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon ", ", never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . ", "delicate , clever direction ", "sudsy ", "the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . ", "a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "uplifting , ", "who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows ", "wooden delivery ", "too much norma rae ", "it 's fun ", ", sweaty-palmed fun ", "a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . ", "futuristic sets ", "surprisingly romantic ", "feels draggy ", "wo n't score points for political correctness ", "elegant , mannered and teasing ", "terrific insider ", "a noble failure . ", "'s a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . ", "we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before ", "is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "leave a large dog alone ", "love to have their kids ", "brief pretentious period ", "plain bad . ", "for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' ", "with raw emotions ", "ignite sparks ", ", then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . ", "familiar and insufficiently cathartic ", "a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger ", "proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness ", "this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel ", "'s a rare window on an artistic collaboration ", "aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . ", "so insanely dysfunctional ", "gets the job done . ", "anyone who loves both dance and cinema ", "the condition of art ", "you do n't understand what on earth is going on ", "reprehensible ", "it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . ", "of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films ", "all the earmarks of french cinema at its best ", "it 's a lyrical endeavor . ", "would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris ", "to the most enchanting film of the year ", "ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago ", "tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . ", "the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing ", "suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . ", "this story still seems timely and important . ", "grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor ", "appealingly ", "is more likely to induce sleep than fright . ", "retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision ", "turgid ", "has something interesting to say ", "inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids ", "lost ", "tastelessness ", "the lively intelligence ", "a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- ", "with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated ", "screams ", "freaking out ", "clumsy clich\u00e9 ", "another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . ", "every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy ", "tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . ", "natured ", "tired , predictable ", "got me grinning . ", "a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks ", "the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . ", "afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience ", "good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort ", "weak ", "feeble tootsie knockoff . ", "diva ", "it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . ", "a blast ", ", badly cobbled look ", "men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . ", "by a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "photographed and beautifully recorded ", "the score is too insistent ", "more likely to induce sleep than fright ", "should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . ", "bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority ", "thinly sketched story ", "one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern ", "represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream ", "cheered at just that ", "in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . ", "it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people ", "is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg ", "far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , ", "should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' ", "is infectious ", "completely awful ", "dared to mess with some powerful people ", "it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . ", "something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "is a very good viewing alternative for young women ", "like an all-star salute ", "fails as a dystopian movie , ", "glitz ", "cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming ", "layer upon layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "which was shot two years ago ", "the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . ", "boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . ", "childhood imagination ", "all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . ", "a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone ", "the most original in years ", "hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound ", "eat popcorn ", "nothing short of a great one ", "and murky cinematography ", "full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . ", "weirdly likable ", "its invitingly upbeat overture to ", "spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . ", "be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker ", "good romance ", "unblinking work ", "not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . ", "if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and clich\u00e9 . ", "high-spirited ", "it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . ", "then you 're at the right film . ", "is pleasant , diverting and modest ", "in lovely and amazing ", "a real writer plot ", "... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . ", "shines like a lonely beacon ", "is still worth ", "heaven ", "be on video ", "keen ", "an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it ", "jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging ", "feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . ", "who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another ", "fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and ", "dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , ", "to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone ", "and social commentary ", "sexy , and rousing ", "a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent ", "awkward interplay and utter lack ", "recycling ", ", mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . ", "goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage ", "plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . ", "with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances ", "earnest study ", "few points ", "all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . ", "narrative banality ", "one of this year 's very best pictures ", "relentlessly downbeat ", "is interminable ", "tear their eyes away ", "is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . ", "recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades ", "mesmerizing music ", "enjoy this ", "an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . ", "a journey back to your childhood ", "'s hard to say who might enjoy this ", "watching monkeys flinging their feces at you ", "in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , ", "unimaginative screenwriter 's ", "slight to be called any kind of masterpiece ", "a heaven ", "kirkegaard ", "to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "boredom ", "big stars and ", "had much science ", "avoids the obvious ", "drains ", "the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . ", "remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career ", "the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured ", "by turns very dark and very funny ", "most edgy ", "quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation ", "sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . ", "lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ", "piss on trees , b.s. one another ", "looks fake ", "it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! ", "the full monty was a freshman fluke ", "acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses ", "of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "while huppert ... is magnificent ", "the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . ", "that these women are spectacular ", "is blood-curdling stuff ", "into the complexities of the middle east struggle and ", "stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom ", "furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation ", "chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead ", "sensual delights and simmering ", "the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form ", "something to be ` fully experienced ' ", "you 'll want things to work out ", "it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clich\u00e9s . ", "reunion ", "have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . ", "a bad name ", ", bad movie ", "is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous ", "librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . ", "if encouraging return ", "in a big corner office in hell ", "wonderfully creepy ", "has fun with the quirks of family life ", ", pretentious ", "fails him ", "many excesses ", "display an original talent ", "a funny moment or two ", "clue you in that something 's horribly wrong ", "mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "more sophisticated and literate than such pictures ", "of two unrelated shorts that falls far short ", "is authentic . ", "his top-notch creative team ", "flows as naturally ", "is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . ", "can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold ", "as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable ", "bad sitcom ", "limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy ", "is downright movie penance ", "kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . ", "like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . ", "incredibly captivating and insanely funny ", "in ( the characters ' ) misery ", "the players do n't have a clue on the park . ", "even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light ", "overflowing septic tank ", "what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . ", "tries-so-hard-to-be-cool ", "the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up ", "prime ", "due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired ", "plainly dull and visually ugly ", "uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "the triumph of his band ", "finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom ", "one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . ", "this well-meaning , beautifully produced film ", "left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity ", "cute moments ", "cruel but weirdly likable ", "a distinguished and thoughtful film ", "if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . ", "kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure ", "rollicking good time ", "is heartfelt and hilarious ", "peculiarly moral amorality ", "smug and cartoonish ", "i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . ", "be forgettable ", "makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing ", "a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . ", "parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they ", "one of the greatest date movies in years ", "i 'm not even a fan of the genre ", "even shallow ", "novel ", "tired jokes ", "'ll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . ", "of the most curiously depressing ", "nothing but an episode of smackdown ! ", "offended ", "feel like mopping up , ", "ugly and mindless ", "has value can not be denied . ", "pretty and gifted ", "has done excellent work here ", "one of the most unpleasant things the studio ", "hopkins , squarely fills the screen . ", "you live the mood rather than savor the story . ", "reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama ", "prove more distressing ", "not so much farcical as sour . ", "should win the band a few new converts , too ", "olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . ", "'s the worst movie i 've seen this summer ", "joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed ", "padded ", "it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; ", "far less sophisticated ", "a major movie ", "is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . ", "touched by an unprecedented tragedy ", "what i saw , i enjoyed . ", "an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . ", "the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : ", "it wants to be ", "lunacy ", "finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona ", "underrated professionals ", "clunky tv-movie ", "the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster ", "like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand ", "will talk about for hours . ", ", ' it also rocks . ", "walk away ", "woefully ", "embraces life ", "kicking undead *** ", "it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . ", "offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life ", "poorly written ", "broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car ", "the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and ", "under its own meager weight ", "appetizing ", "quite an achievement ", "'s so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "of the greatest films ", "avid ", "authentic account of a historical event ", "lost the politics and the social observation ", "that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth ", "to accomplish ", "right direction ", "lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos ", "a clever script and skilled actors ", "pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and ", "that powerhouse ", "has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . ", "'s splash without the jokes . ", "find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie ", "poorly ", "captivatingly ", "it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . ", "i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie . ", "of animated filmmaking since old walt ", "an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves ", "sharp writing ", "the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process ", "an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise ", "britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . ", "the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world ", "good actors , ", "does n't add up . ", "better movie experience ", "has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . ", "an extraordinary faith in the ability of images ", "ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . ", "eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants . ", "god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star ", "is the most visually unappealing . ", "a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? ", "been the ultimate imax trip ", "one regards reign of fire with awe . ", "there 's no real sense of suspense , ", ", personal film ", "be fruitful ", "of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly ", "stale ", "educates viewers with words and pictures ", "duvall 's throbbing sincerity ", "stinks ", "canada ", "few ` cool ' actors ", "really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' ", "an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story ", "new adaptation ", "was n't just bad ", "different ( and better ) ", "has a flair for dialogue comedy ", "do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes ", "to a higher level ", "is n't much there here . ", "brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents ", "hand it to director george clooney ", "a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed . ", "of a sleeper success ", "another visit ", "the finish line ", "one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . ", "after next spreads them pretty thin ", "( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste ", "the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles ", "it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters ", "prolific director ", "its recent predecessor miserably ", "are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . ", "there are some movies that hit you from the first scene ", "the material and the production ", "belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . ", "most disappointing ", "played for maximum moisture ", "becomes long and tedious ", "great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help ", "terrific role ", "more tiring than anything ", "quite good ", "uncomfortably close to losing my lunch ", "treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . ", ", it 's awfully entertaining to watch . ", "great way ", "ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired ", "opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it ", "will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted ", "she may not be real ", "less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith ", "otherwise the production is suitably elegant ", "in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny ", "awarded mythic status ", "despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . ", "of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ", "ache ", "seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ", "probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems ", "that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another ", "to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "it 's a loathsome movie , it really is ", "one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . ", "despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . ", "around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life ", "a bland murder-on-campus ", "filmmakers david weissman and bill weber ", "unendurable ", "it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes ", "brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . ", "seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . ", "once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue ", "would be a welcome improvement ", "that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer ", "be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , ", "the incessant use of cell phones ", "this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . ", "downright creepy ", "street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , ", "jell into charm ", "oddly ", "into splatter movies ", "holds the screen like a true star ", "runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "are as timely as tomorrow ", "warm , enveloping affection ", "with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences ", "as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise ", "a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . ", "assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . ", "'s a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence ", "that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day ", "that is often quite rich and exciting ", "the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "enjoy the hot chick ", "the illusion of work is than actual work ", "why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . ", "what 's worse , routine ", "bottom-feeder ", "seems worth the effort . ", "filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie ", "is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back ", "those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . ", "certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . ", "that is actually funny with the material ", "hungry-man portions of bad ", "groggy ", "sensuality ", ", the emotions seem authentic ", "how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made ", "deep or substantial ", "intriguing ", "she is a lioness , ", "the way a good noir should ", "comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable ", "jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . ", ", unholy hokum . ", "uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt ", "the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . ", "'s great for the kids ", "repulsive ", "confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be ", "watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? ", "overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue ", "they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson ", "a poetic ", "combines two surefire , beloved genres ", "neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief ", "a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours ", "is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year ", ", moving , and adventurous directorial debut ", "ai n't art , ", "imagination and insight ", "strung-together moments ", "grown tired of going where no man has gone before ", "the best and most exciting movies ", "so crisp and economical in one false move ", "an appealing couple ", "cool , composed delivery ", "worthy predecessors ", "less bling-bling ", "meaning in relationships or work ", "it made me feel unclean , ", "than a mall movie designed to kill time ", ", you still have to see this ! ", "punctuated by flying guts ", "the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . ", "more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "no , i hate it . ", "stoop so low ", "is about something very interesting and odd that ", "un-bear-able ", "timely and important ", "static set ups , not much camera movement ", "a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor ", "a perfect wildean actor ", "showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . ", "asia , where ms. shu is an institution ", "permits laughter ", "treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going ", "grinds itself ", "gentle but insistent sincerity ", "that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ", "been given a part worthy of her considerable talents ", "strongest performance ", "because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work ", "get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . ", "its laid-back way ", "overinflated mythology ", "of middle eastern world politics ", "sign ", "bracing truth ", "easily forgotten ", "definitely funny stuff ", "read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame ", "extremely talented musicians ", "us is a minor miracle ", "too good to be bad ", "some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "about an adult male dressed in pink jammies ", "a satisfying well-made romantic comedy ", "worse than you can imagine ", "exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , ", "in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago ", "into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear ", "it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... ", "are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . ", "becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence ", "carved their own comfortable niche in the world ", "a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential ", "everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away ", "when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type ", "skillful fisher ", "with enough negatives ", "be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture ", "subtle ironies and visual devices ", "sermonize ", "of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness ", "proud ", "feels the dimming of a certain ambition ", "shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . ", "convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers ", "the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year . ", "is ) a fascinating character , ", "a fairly slow paced , ", "laugh ", "longley 's film ", "chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back ", "dressed up this little parable ", "though many of these guys are less than adorable ", "children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . ", "enjoyable trifle ", "nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . ", "a remarkable piece ", "wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself ", "his subject justice ", "passive-aggressive psychology ", "good material ", "it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . ", "is no foundation for it ", "painfully slow ", "that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past ", "made me want to scream ", "a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances ", "invented ", "that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen ", "first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . ", "pokes , provokes ", "of the lovable-loser protagonist ", "an almost constant mindset of suspense ", "in its own floundering way , it gets to you . ", "was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body ", "yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state ", "problem ", "surprisingly insightful ", "i have given it a one-star rating ", "`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . ", "it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' ", "you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "sometimes confusing ", "the comedy ", "the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . ", "has a `` what was it all for ", "ransacks its archives ", "over-blown ", "fast-moving and cheerfully ", "an obvious rapport with her actors ", "from its material that is deliberately unsettling ", "summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle ", "to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "truths emerge . ", "has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places ", "satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . ", "emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . ", "felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world ", "you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe ", "crime drama fare ", "such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care ", "there 's a heaven for bad movies ", "'s still entertaining to watch the target practice ", "the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . ", ", ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . ", "a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence ", "too clever ", "all bluster and clich\u00e9 ", "was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time ", "like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 ", "murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , ", "a crowd-pleaser , ", "to produce another smash ", "effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres ", "the funniest jokes of any movie ", "but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . ", "a well-put-together piece of urban satire . ", "be madcap farce ", "presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . ", "short and sweet ", "aware of his own coolness ", "scherfig 's light-hearted profile ", ", blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . ", "rehashes ", "darkness ", "is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful ", "funny , ", "director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script ", "in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace ", "the movie 's downfall ", "contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know ", "of fresh air ", "notorious rise ", "made a movie that is n't just offensive ", "is spooky and subtly ", "smarter than your average bond ", "sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff ", "captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes ", "an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ", "of heart ", "is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ", "do well to cram earplugs in their ears and ", "a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse ", "wooden dialogue ", "knows how to make our imagination ", "remarkably unpretentious ", "great equalizer ", "painful to watch ", "its excellent storytelling ", "it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind ", "excite ", ", son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' ", "so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second ", "high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , ", "be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure ", "the movie does n't generate a lot of energy . ", "feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "comes far closer than many movies ", "'ll love it and probably want to see it twice ", "confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please ", "chimes in on the grieving process and ", "you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ", "is more of an ordeal than an amusement . ", "it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . ", "nervy and memorable ", "too easily ", "for the marquis de sade set ", "his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "genuine and singular artist ", "will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll ", "a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- ", "humorless soap opera ", "perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features ", "very complex ", "unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . ", "from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired ", "can act ", "almost unimaginable horror ", "touchingly ", "pervasive ", "offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable ", "simple and innocent ", "a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . ", "locales ", "is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . ", "it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes ", "style , structure and rhythms ", "a pretty good overall picture ", "know better than to rush to the theater for this one ", "( maybe twice ) ", "( a ) poorly executed comedy . ", "wants to break free of her old life ", "very handsomely produced ", "a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . ", "is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ", "mundane '70s ", "interminably ", "a welcome , if downbeat , missive ", "seem to get a coherent rhythm going ", "flopped as surely ", "masterly ", "jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - ", "'s quite fun in places ", "would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility ", "feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story ", "such enervating determination ", "than awe ", "elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world ", ", it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie ", "even when he 's not at his most critically insightful ", "the light-footed enchantment ", "lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories ", "'d have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . ", "a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . ", "be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all ", "another gross-out college comedy -- ", "that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos ", "mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . ", "an extraordinary ", ", trouble every day is a plodding mess . ", "it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . ", "unimaginatively ", "a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling ", "tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier ", "beauty ", "bloodsucker computer effects ", "'s sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager ", "i know i should n't have laughed , but ", "aimless , ", "ill-conceived action pieces ", "hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ", "( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and ", "if only merchant paid more attention the story . ", "on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness ", "a taut , sobering film . ", "runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' ", "several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . ", "deny its seriousness and quality ", "to shine through the gloomy film noir veil ", "the rich and sudden wisdom , ", "in this elegant entertainment ", "familiar you might as well be watching a rerun ", "return ticket ", "practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte ", "they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "are sweet and believable , and ", "crassly ", "a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' ", "make interesting ", "a hilarious adventure ", "the proficient , dull sorvino ", "thoughtlessly ", "this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . ", "an inspirational love story ", "a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing ", "shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . ", "rather unique approach ", "exploitation film ", "shakespeare 's eloquent language ", "is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged ", "give what can easily be considered career-best performances ", "comes together as a coherent whole ", "of new york locales and sharp writing ", "director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture ", "stale material ", "husband-and-wife disaster ", "fling gags at it ", "distinguished film legacy ", "fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own ", "a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... ", "about a horrifying historical event ", "too deep ", "a very slow , uneventful ", "of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups ", "to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series ", "pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances ", "this listless feature ", "is better than any summer blockbuster ", "in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ", "does hold up pretty well ", "produce adequate performances ", "every cheap trick ", "is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . ", "preserving ", "sub-sophomoric ", "watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy ", "solid cast ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters ", "comic relief ", "it dull , lifeless , and irritating ", "once in a while a film ", "actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", ", fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . ", "several cliched movie structures : the road movie ", "is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . ", "the filmmaker would disagree ", "is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "a better thriller ", "modern art ", "fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . ", "frighteningly fascinating ", "a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view ", "refreshed and ", "a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit ", "the startling intimacy ", "in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown ", "a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ", "tnt ", "stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper ", "heart-pounding ", "fatal script error ", "sounds whiny and defensive ", "feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism ", "a genius ", "decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies ", "you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . ", "a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing ", "bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters ", "an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . ", "a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look ", "leaks treacle from every pore . ", "most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes ", "even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash . ", "never comes together ", "things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , ", "mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , ", "is a bomb ", "ruined ", "is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics ", "the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . ", ", one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . ", "a good ear for dialogue ", "higher ", ", his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . ", "as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary ", "is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", ", structure and rhythms ", "express warmth and longing ", "as a classic movie franchise ", "another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . ", "the soulful gravity ", "miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . ", "the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo ", "a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they ", "in chilling style ", "the same old bad trip ", "in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . ", "squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations ", "is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne ", "brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music ", "possesses its own languorous charm . ", "bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , ", "an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers ", "has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more ", "above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "worthy entry ", "that 's better than its predecessor ", "essentially a collection of bits -- ", "looks as if it belongs on the big screen ", "'s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin ", "austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . ", "deftly entertaining film ", "very hollowness ", "be the end of the world ", "was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ", "that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "its tragic waste ", "have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 ", "touching melodrama ", "an insult ", "in which the kids in the house will be gored ", "boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . ", "a mediocre movie trying to get out ", "gift ", "i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , ", "voice is rather unexceptional ", "without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves ", "silly and ", ", wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? ", "certainly was n't feeling any of it ", "delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households ", "throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . ", "it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style ", "told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing ", "more successful ", "with unexpected comedy ", "to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings ", "play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . ", "another entertaining ", "a directorial tour de force ", "gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense ", "the worst movie ", "the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; ", "a monumental achievement ", "comprehensible ", "about the best thing you could say about narc ", "to love the piano teacher ", "little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ", "instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . ", "pretty stupid ", "the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze ", "as the movie dragged on ", "smartly directed , grown-up film ", "kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . ", "it had a sense of humor ", "true ", "you feel pissed off ", "nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . ", "dreadfully short ", "i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere . ", "the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path ", "any real emotional impact ", "in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . ", ", pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . ", "an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession . ", "needlessly opaque intro ", "jim brown ", "most of the distance ", "... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ", "simply ", "mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . ", ", it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . ", "is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics ", "is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed ", "that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other ", "used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way ", "what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! ", "genuinely good ", "that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and ", "shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them ", "emotionally strong and politically potent piece ", "is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . ", "is like being trapped at a bad rock concert ", "you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . ", "sensual , ", "affirming ' ", "its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd ", "of flat champagne ", "jealous ", "great scares and a good surprise ending ", "tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "inhuman cinematic punishment ", "was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal ", "hitchcockian ", "a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet ", "fixating ", "are faithful to melville 's plotline , they ", "captures the complicated relationships in a marching band ", "'s a cool event for the whole family . ", ", murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . ", "languorous slo-mo sequences ", "beautiful film ", "did n't find much fascination in the swinging ", "offers a desperately ingratiating performance ", "itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . ", ", the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . ", "tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... ", "is amazing , ", "a freshly painted rembrandt ", "hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? ", "inescapable past and uncertain future ", "is n't merely offensive ", "stranded ", ", insightfully human ", "presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable ", "the rest of the cast is uniformly superb ", "the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . ", "encompasses many more paths ", "gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "surprised ", "skeeved out that they 'd need a shower ", "emaciated flick ", "a legal thriller ", "more trifle than triumph ", "sad nonsense , this . ", "suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable ", "it has its faults , but ", "cheap scam ", "torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera ", "a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ", "so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost ", "'s also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . ", "we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity ", "a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . ", "a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . ", "is this bad on purpose ", "an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief ", "barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , ", "from `` promising ", "apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap ", "it fascinating ", "if you do n't understand what on earth is going on ", "it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . ", "wobbly ", "staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . ", "does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . ", "shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and ", "adding the rich details ", "bitter and truthful ", "an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs ", "into comedy futility ", "shenanigans and slapstick ", "mind-bender . ", "charming , funny and beautifully crafted import ", "the worst excesses of nouvelle ", "but thoroughly satisfying entertainment ", "an unholy mess , ", "if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags ", "'s both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts ", "this schlocky horror/action hybrid ", "sillier , not scarier ", "done-to-death material ", "cynicism ", "good and ambitious ", "the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . ", "powerful and ", "young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , ", "to entertain or inspire its viewers ", "on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . ", "too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises ", "been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", "is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . ", "satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but ", "( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . ", "the finest films of the year ", "my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year ", "those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . ", "ecstasy ", "is a very funny , heartwarming film ", "well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "he has something significant to say ", "for the whole family ", "more curious ", "grew hideously twisted ", "may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "interestingly ", "shrewd but pointless . ", "forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . ", ", assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others ", "limpid and conventional historical fiction ", "he has at least one more story to tell : his own . ", "for serious film buffs ", "of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay ", "it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . ", "the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism ", ", the film is well worthwhile . ", "stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and ", "it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it ", "sumptuous ocean visuals ", "is a weirdly beautiful place ", "wonderfully warm human drama ", "while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull ", "than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films ", "barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . ", "teasing ", ", almost generic ", "both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . ", "exhaustingly ", "lame entertainment ", "that is both gripping and compelling ", "white-knuckled and unable to look away ", "the adventures of direct-to-video nash ", ", shiri is a must for genre fans . ", "his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson ", "devoid of pleasure or sensuality ", "stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music ", "everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , ", "staggers ", "... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . ", "charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . ", "a great writer ", "excellent sequel . ", "its whimsical humor ", "wicked ", "seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . ", "a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . ", "as it is hard to resist ", "it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . ", "a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant ", "seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart ", "what it lacks in outright newness ", "court maneuvers ", "upscale ", "it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor ", "a degree of affection rather than ", "yourself praying for a quick resolution ", "just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . ", "chance to see three splendid actors ", "titillating material ", "funny without hitting below the belt ", "it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . ", "substance and soul ", "sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . ", "like their romances to have that french realism ", "those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . ", "a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer ", "pretty ", "it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , ", "genitals ", "that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people ", "most of the work ", "moving performance ", "which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state ", "honest and ", "even the corniest and most hackneyed ", "you 're going to face frightening late fees ", "banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be ", "make a hip comedy ", "addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history ", "impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . ", "disgust ", "compressed characterisations ", "a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ", "flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "last summer 's bloated effects ", "the criminal world ", "amuses ", "by its smallness ", "through worn-out material ", "lots of boring talking heads , etc . ", "are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny ", "its chosen topic ", "the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles ", "that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves ", "compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people ", "also treats the subject with fondness and respect ", ", holds the screen like a true star . ", "the film 's appeal ", "the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories ", "to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "borderline insulting ", "most of its ilk ", "can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them ", "those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace ", "none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either ", "the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises ", "devolves into a laugh-free lecture ", "do bad things ", "the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . ", "a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick ", "out ", "pure craft ", "one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace ", "imitations ", "sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once ", "it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth ", "big-budget/all-star movie ", "worth a look as a curiosity ", "for sick and demented humor ", "do justice to the awfulness of the movie ", "outnumber the hits by three-to-one . ", "a buoyant romantic comedy ", "soul-stirring ", "a pretty decent little documentary ", "a portrait of alienation so perfect , ", "the heat of the moment prevails . ", "daughter ", "such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . ", "loud , bang-the-drum ", ", a ripping good yarn is told . ", "slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . ", "evans is no hollywood villain ", "there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "superficiality and silliness ", "much of it is funny , ", "it a step further , richer and deeper ", "a sensitive , cultivated treatment ", "with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral ", "with the clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ", "the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , ", "undistinguished rhythm ", "discerning taste ", "'s not really funny ", ", i hate it . ", "powerful and astonishingly vivid ", "combined with stunning animation ", "remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities ", "poor editing , ", "some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but ", "in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history ", "'s hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one ", "certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . ", "limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or ", "is awful . ", "is too much of a plunge ", "to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line ", "as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball ", "inane ramblings ", "get excited about on this dvd ", "a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty ", "a seriously bad film with seriously ", "look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy ", "can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' ", "are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances ", "outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken ", "too safe ", ", it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . ", "one of the best actors there is ", "rejected ", "labors as storytelling . ", "one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies ", "the boobs are fantasti ", "colorful , semimusical ", "a tragedy ", "white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . ", "a shoddy male hip hop fantasy ", "god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage ", "leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . ", "so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , ", "is a movie you can trust ", "that you and they were in another movie ", "into heaven ", "spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ", "kind of an authentic feel ", "are far more alienating than involving . ", "lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "solid , spooky ", "one spectacularly ugly-looking broad ", "a low-budget hybrid of scarface ", "'s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese ", "we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . ", "a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . ", "are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "laugh-free lecture ", "the year 's greatest adventure ", "intriguing subject ", "evil ", "there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "silly overkill ", "too many clever things ", "erotic or sensuous charge ", "an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . ", "insanely funny ", "soon-to-be-forgettable ", "comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel ", "a sudden turn and devolves ", "the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . ", "although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . ", "a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves ", "this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . ", "good , ", "will probably like it . ", "a disservice ", "gorgeous pair ", "with first love sweetly ", "wedding sequence ", "colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ", "to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism ", "lightweight but appealing . ", "the film is deadly dull ", "damning and damned compelling ", "that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about ", "there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . ", "the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . ", "down-and-dirty laugher ", "what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . ", "other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . ", "after an uncertain start ", "model ", "pleasant distraction ", "are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie ", "suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length ", "real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . ", "an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition ", "chilling style ", "combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart ", "a revealing look at the collaborative process ", "all manner of lame entertainment ", "even worse ", "what can easily be considered career-best performances ", "it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . ", "bothered to construct a real story this time ", "artificial and soulless ", "they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . ", "an emotional edge ", "embraces it , energizes it and ", "the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version ", "heroic ", "whatever fills time -- ", "chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . ' ", "it , offering fine acting moments and pungent ", "is still worth hearing . ", "it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz ", "good qualities ", "on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere ", "mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie ", "nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s from start to finish ", "she 's pretty and she can act ", "elaborate continuation ", "uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ", "one reason it 's so lackluster ", "a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic ", "sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . ", "real visual charge to the filmmaking ", "echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds ", "with vibrant charm ", "be mildly amusing ", "the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive ", "the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . ", "the tale commands attention . ", ", brash and mainly unfunny ", "above the rest ", "insomnia is one of the year 's best films ", "is a fragmented film ", "able ", "a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "nervous ", "vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . ", "crisp framing , ", "the finished product 's unshapely look ", "is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice . ", "'d have a 90-minute , four-star movie ", "the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' ", "the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . ", "plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man ", "comes off as self-parody . ", ", nothing good can happen ", "which somehow snagged an oscar nomination ", "is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power ", "accurate ", "compelling , provocative and prescient ", "sincere and artful ", "muddy sound ", "caddyshack ", "too smug ", "remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it ", "reliable textbook ", "is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness ", "a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy ", "in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem ", "a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , ", "a bad rock concert ", "revelation ", "this saga would be terrific to read about ", "nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy ", "'ve looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel ", "intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery ", "tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film ", "seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . ", "style and bold colors ", "their work is fantastic . ", "'s an energy to y tu mam\u00e1 tambi\u00e9n . ", "much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing ", "daring and ", "has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie ", "very very strong `` b + ", "the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation ", "marvelous performance ", "the worst possibilities ", "a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . ", "orchestrating ", "in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "standard horror flick formula ", "the film 's crisp , unaffected style ", "absolutely no idea ", "from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", "chilling tale ", "predictable romantic comedy ", "disappointment ", "there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction ", "a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . ", "charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy . ", "serious ", "live up to material ", "bargain-basement special ", "this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - ", "bang-up job ", "doze off for a few minutes ", "holm does his sly , intricate magic ", "to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california ", ", ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . ", "blues ", "is generally quite funny . ", "rohmer still has a sense of his audience ", "one helluva singer ", "while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special ", "a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . ", "a pleasure ", "even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits ", "' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . ", "movie star charisma ", "to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky ", "acts like a doofus ", "will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning ", "it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides ", "belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) ", "respect and affection ", "merely very bad ", "created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . ", "jaw-dropping ", "its courage , ideas ", "tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ", "historically significant work ", "at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and ", "emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking ", ", the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . ", "too daft by half ... but supremely good natured . ", "so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks ", "the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are ", "is beginning to feel ", "are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film ", "stakes out the emotional heart of happy ", "that annoying specimen of humanity ", "stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable ", "strong directorial stamp ", ", it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . ", "hard-hitting documentary . ", "'s because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ", "is simply brilliant . ", "is superficial and ", "these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . ", "appealing enough ", "tired tyco ad ", "interesting and thoroughly ", "first-class road movie ", "'s trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "they may be as history ", "get your money back ", "both oscar winners ", "the bottom of the barrel ", "to a better tomorrow ", "i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . ", "it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . ", "of a fanciful motion picture ", "or `` suck '' ", "reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels ", "'s also nice to see a movie with its heart ", "'s ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . ", "entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . ", "give a pretty good overall picture of the situation ", "be white-knuckled and unable to look away ", "is not only the best date movie of the year ", "to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "has a monopoly on mindless action ", ", i have given this movie a rating of zero . ", "there 's much to recommend the film . ", "not scarier ", "is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , ", "buoyant energy level ", "revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement ", "is its energy ", "reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone ", "skip this dreck , ", "claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . ", "bring their characters to life . ", "a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . ", "please the eye ", "barely shocking , barely interesting ", "mostly leaves him shooting blanks ", "hate yourself ", "blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . ", "300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . ", "is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary ", "would do better elsewhere . ", "merely pretentious ", "is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . ", "the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . ", "delight your senses and crash this wedding ", "carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders ", "manically generous ", "everett remains a perfect wildean actor ", "be two hours gained ", "the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story ", "get into heaven ", "rare drama ", "the material and the production itself are little more than routine . ", "the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . ", "integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy ", "'s no good answer to that one . ", "a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory ", "little less bling-bling ", "engage an audience ", "worthy idea ", "find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for ", "sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . ", "at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . ", "because of the universal themes , earnest performances ", "chilling , and affecting study ", "exists , ", "low-tech magic realism ", "the story has its redundancies ", "cultural elite ", "your first instinct ", "a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films ", "of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies ", "all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "to `` interesting '' ", "integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape ", "the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ", "becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle ", "succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics ", "fit the incredible storyline ", "aimless hodgepodge ", "sick sense ", "is such a mesmerizing one ", "the scripters do n't deserve any oscars ", "'s the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . ", "provides a strong itch to explore more ", "coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting ", "with real thematic heft ", "not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . ", "impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon ", "janey ", "a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction ", "it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . ", "a compelling piece ", "seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business ", "graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . ", "its ultimate demise ", "its visual imagination ", "consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . ", "on both suspense and payoff ", "exceeds expectations . ", "have potential ", "that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style ", "watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "a hilarious ode to middle america ", "gross-out flicks , ", "like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way ", "it really won my heart ", "an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen ", "a bumper ", "woefully dull ", "really adorable italian guys . ", "is impenetrable and dull ", "the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . ", "a slam-bang extravaganza that ", "an entertaining ride ", "a slight but sweet film ", "features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ", "sounds promising ", "nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . ", "hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own ", "a listless and desultory affair . ", "credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it ", "explode ", "every bad action-movie line ", "coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings . ", "making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years ", "end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . ", "'s something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas ", "for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers ", "the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way ", "straight out of a cellular phone commercial ", "folds under its own thinness ", "admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . ", "girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "the mark ", "could very well clinch him this year 's razzie ", "ends with a whimper ", "of portraying the devastation of this disease ", "no wit ", "rich detail condensed ", "robbed ", "toss it ", "it the most ", "fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement ", "is amazing , yes ", "as naturally ", "by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . ", "truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ", "humanly ", "addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row ", "pure entertainment ", "a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions ", "is funny , scary and sad . ", "ivan is a prince of a fellow ", "better than inconsequential ", "delight in the images ", "i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . ", "can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes ", "the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ", "eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful ", "bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . ", "not-so-divine ", ", mesmerizing ", "empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... ", "sure hand ", "a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling ", "warmth ", "nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while ", "beat-the-clock thriller ", "profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment ", "in future years as an eloquent memorial ", "to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny ", "the visual panache , the comic touch , ", "guest appearance ", "with such fury ", "which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities ", "seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered ", "to be moved by this drama ", "the great minds of our times ", "into forced fuzziness ", ", dull procession ", "is painfully bad , ", "more enjoyable ", "naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . ", "is well worthwhile ", "cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness ", "is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn ", "intellectual masterpieces ", "it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . ", "a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun ", "the film ) works ", "is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . ", "a little scattered ", "put through torture ", "the cast is appealing ", "overstylized ", "which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant ", "scenes so true and heartbreaking ", "the working out of the plot almost arbitrary ", "'s also uninspired , ", "that the material is so second-rate ", "scores a direct hit ", "remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective ", "hollow , self-indulgent , ", "( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence ", "in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium ", "that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "strikingly devious ", "is both inspiring and pure joy . ", "a crowd-pleaser , but then , so ", "whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "'s mission accomplished ", "to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences ", "it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered ", "director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? ", "corcuera 's attention to detail ", "its fun ", "rent those movies instead ", "what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . ", "someone made off with your wallet ", "delight your senses and crash this wedding ! ", "is why anybody picked it up . ", "stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and ", "disney 's 1937 breakthrough ", "seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely ", "i 'll buy the soundtrack . ", "second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and ", "by amateurish ", "to the serbs themselves ", "bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers ", "celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) ", "no apparent reason except ", "olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "makes no difference in the least ", "stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . ", "the smarter offerings ", "the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters ", "leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . ", "it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. ", "slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms ", "actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ", "the world 's best actors ", "the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . ", "visually ravishing ", "the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , ", "painfully slow cliche-ridden film ", "unnerving suspense ", "that falls far short ", "moving , if uneven , success ", "as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . ", "most importantly ", "funniest and most likeable ", "that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "a realistic , non-exploitive approach ", "with the terrifying message ", ", riveting and handsomely ", "so poorly ", "hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . ", "it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . ", "taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ", "everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness ", "are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . ", "like lint in a fat man 's navel ", "fears ", "where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits ", "works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times ", "have a whale of a good time ", "riveting and surprisingly romantic ", "of motherhood deferred and desire ", "the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . ", "very compelling , sensitive , ", "as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves ", "keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . ", "veret\u00e9 has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . ", "does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . ", "offers little insight ", "a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick ", "takes hold ", "it too is a bomb . ", "this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . ", "make the stones weep -- as shameful as it ", "that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "the everyday lives ", "the goods ", "the human race splitting in two ", ", unimaginative ", "the muckraking , soul-searching spirit ", "animation back 30 years ", ", the humor dwindles . ", "got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . ", "shameless ", "distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies ", "of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ", "inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . ", "mesmerize ", "profoundly devastating events ", "mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ", "does n't necessarily ", "devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . ", "nice change ", "the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... ", "filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another ", "detailed performances ", "as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period ", "a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast ", ", the movie is in a class by itself ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . ", "barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile ", "have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks ", "an after school special ", "genuine insight ", "if you like peace , you 'll like promises . ", "amiable but unfocused ", "is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . ", "seems inconceivable ", "dangerously honest ", "the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . ", "a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . ", "ben affleck ", "seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "difficult , endless work ", "the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable . ", "an eviction notice ", "not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- ", "creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness ", "career peak ", "the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , ", "be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid ", "( it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . ", "a compelling story of musical passion ", "the film is not only a love song to the movies ", "even lazier and far less enjoyable ", "comedy since being john malkovich ", "an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ", "life , ", "remember it . ", "fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur ", "than most third-rate horror sequels ", "sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . ", "puzzle his most ardent fans . ", "extremely flat lead performance ", "motivated by something more than franchise possibilities ", "fuelled devito 's early work ", "offers some flashy twists ", "moronic ", "empowerment movie ", "flat-out amusing ", "pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious ", "it 's loud and boring ; ", "has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . ", "complex and honest ", "audacious-impossible yet compelling ... ", "niro performance ", "is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight ", "there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. ", "delivers fascinating psychological fare ", "the strain of its plot contrivances ", "the surest bet ", "assurance ", "might not have noticed ", "time is a beautiful film to watch ", "make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "plot and pornographic way ", "weak script ", "has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be ", "with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ", "of the best of a growing strain of daring films ", "signing ", "but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , ", "do n't really care too much about this love story ", "good old fashioned spooks ", "realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "it 's provocative stuff ", "does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy ", "a charming , banter-filled comedy ... ", "barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . ", "this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . ", "lost his touch , ", "to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ", "offer audiences ", "a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional ", "spirited away is a triumph of imagination ", "enveloping affection ", "whole mess ", "being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright ", "absorbing look ", "affects of cultural and geographical displacement . ", "all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . ", "with a tale full of nuance and character dimension ", "negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship ", "a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year ", "manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . ", ", the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . ", "give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice ", "bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary ", "with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else ", "astonishingly pivotal ", "works out ", "a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface ", "enticing and ", "a low-key , organic way ", "without your pulse ever racing ", "woozy ", "a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche ", "with brooms and what is kind of special ", "reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth ", "gracious , eloquent film ", "compelling investigation ", "no signs of life ", "a hack script ", ", desiccated talent ", "absurd , ", "dull-witted and ", "what makes it worth watching ", "smartly ", "mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face ", "about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) ", "like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , ", "most slyly exquisite ", "as temptingly easy ", "to like ", "the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen ", "there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . ", "huge box-office ", "this is the ultimate movie experience ", "an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . ", "even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "like no other film in recent history ", "the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype ", "of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome ", "looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab ", "do n't make movies like they used to anymore ", "recycled more times than i 'd care to count ", "the most magical and most fun family fare ", "relative ", "'s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness ", "a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually ", "breathe out of every frame . ", "dips key moments ", "for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . ", ", uncompromising ", "this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , ", "most repellent ", "worthwhile moviegoing experience ", "a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . ", "it all unfolds predictably , ", "an intelligently made ", "its overall sense of mystery ", "fuss or noise ", "a good and ambitious film ", "of pure misogynist evil ", "lobotomy ", "as bestial ", ", uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "visually ", "delightful stimulus ", "cut their losses -- and ours -- and ", "thoroughly enjoyable ", "is never quite able ", "change a nation ", "terrifically ", "when you doze off thirty minutes into the film ", "is surprisingly brilliant , ", "none of this sounds promising ", "of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled ", "could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan jos\u00e9 campanella 's reputation in the united states . ", "you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year ", "the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and ", "the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture ", "the actors are humanly engaged ", "crowd-pleaser ", "rather unbelievable ", "into hokum ", "falls flat ", "hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... ", "to be the cat 's meow ", "finest films ", "is it hokey ", "remarkably assured ", "it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special ", "not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . ", ", unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope ", "'s very beavis and butthead , yet always ", "constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , ", "a good thriller . ", "is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation ", "pull a cohesive story out ", "can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something ", "terms with his picture-perfect life ", "a good thing ", "ace ", "an excellent cast ", "gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . ", "on his sentimental journey of the heart ", ", you 're engulfed by it . ", "bust ", "laugh-out-loud ", "well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . ", ", contrived sequels ", "is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . ", "' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . ", "from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic ", "makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "stretches of impact and moments ", "a fresh point ", "make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool ", "'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . ", "cranked out on an assembly line ", "fake ", "sheer goofiness and cameos ", "a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and ", "more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus ", "of a war zone ", "with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . ", "cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . ", "his most personal work yet . ", "has n't aged a day ", "poetry in motion ", "paints a grand picture of an era and ", "so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it ", "fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness ", "yet , it must be admitted ", "beautifully filmed ", "is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . ", "may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black ", "an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . ", "a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something ", "much colorful eye candy ", "what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film ", "plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises ", "might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ", "though jones and snipes are enthralling ", "it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment ", "excruciatingly tedious ", "of the finest kind ", "intimate and universal cinema ", "captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock ", "is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . ", "at its utterly misplaced earnestness ", ", this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . ", "a dream ", "demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . ", "most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films ", "in the film 's verbal pokes ", "through love ", "this is n't exactly profound cinema , but ", "its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and ", "father clich\u00e9 ", "as simultaneously funny , offbeat and ", "no energy ", "demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . ", "the extravagant confidence ", "caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ", "love , family ", "of french cinema 's master craftsmen ", "mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . ", "ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . ", "at least terribly monotonous ", "with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images ", "ridiculous action sequences ", "to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "there 's not nearly enough that 's right ", "the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view ", "the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success ", "will thrill you , touch you and make you ", "of insulting , both to men and women ", "naive ", "though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . ", "guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . ", "had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost ", "all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . ", "he runs around and acts like a doofus ", ", warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . ", "that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism ", "most inventive directors ", "teeth-clenching gusto ", "sweet and sexy film ", "dull , unimaginative ", "a spark of new inspiration in it ", "on the surface a silly comedy ", "'s probably not easy to make such a worthless film ", "that is warm , inviting , and surprising ", ", endearing , masterful ", "how good ", "an ordeal than an amusement ", "disguising the obvious with energy and innovation ", "run out of gas ", "jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe ", "cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory ", "psychologically revealing ", "provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust ", "the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . ", "can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . ", "with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action ", "it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson ", "shallow styles ", "is actually quite entertaining ", "a very good ( but not great ) movie ", "typical ", "sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "chilling , and affecting ", "the year selection ", "portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . ", "another best ", "extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking ", "is rather unexceptional ", ", the humor has point ", "household name ", "the misconceived final 5 ", "the rarest kinds ", "ayres makes the right choices at every turn ", "filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , ", "for this story to go but down ", "now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it ", "is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight ", "that they are doing it is thought-provoking . ", "character-driven storytelling ", "of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", "you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . ", "precious new star wars movie ", "of time , money and celluloid ", "unstoppable ", "the humor wry ", "that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own ", "gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . ", "that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain ", "it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . ", "too stagy ", "herzog has fallen ", "more accomplished ", "the movie lacks in action ", "it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but ", "aftertaste ", "your disgust ", "another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults ", "lousy script ", "'s ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles ", "this frozen tundra soap opera ", "obnoxious and didactic burlesque ", "light treat ", "( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . ", "it 's plotless , shapeless ", "that the material is so second-rate . ", "noisy and ", "the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid ", "interesting cinematic devices ", "like a blown-out vein ", "the cinema world 's great visual stylists ", "a witty , low-key romantic comedy . ", "as a landmark in film history ", "disgracefully written dialogue ", "donna ", "where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony ", "who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little ", "too goodly , ", "unforced comedy-drama ", "a pack of dogs who are smarter than him ", "common through-line ", "playful and haunting ", "he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film ", "just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ", "a fascinating part ", "the demons of his own fear and paranoia ", "` time waster ' ", "supremely hopeful ", "it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . ", "belongs to nicholson ", "into an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "seemingly irreconcilable ", "is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ", "its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . ", "by the incredibly flexible cast ", "the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . ", "victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and ", "reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one ", "you will never forget ", "would n't turn down a big bowl of that ", "as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter ", "though he only scratches the surface ", "benefits from serendipity ", ", you 'll have a good time with this one too ", "unfunny and ", "equally miserable film ", "have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera ", "that stretches the running time about 10 minutes ", "as well-written as sexy beast ", "its otherwise comic narrative ", "energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they ", "bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "a smart comedy ", "to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general ", "is frequently amusing ", "a good vampire tale ", "nothing better to do with 94 minutes ", "the director 's talent ", "mired in a shabby script ", "nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . ", "too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' ", "dramas like this make it human . ", "a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ", "as naturally charming as it needs to be ", "like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film ", "a therapeutic zap of shock treatment ", "to feel funny and light ", "robbed and replaced ", "of the worst of the entire franchise ", "its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm ", "like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . ", "strike a chord with anyone who 's ever ", "who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces ", "too goodly , wise and knowing ", "more revealing , more emotional ", "informative , ", "credit director ramsay ", "been shot ", "as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , ", "that the entire exercise has no real point ", "well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . ", "their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners ", "the basic flaws ", "generic thriller junk . ", "celebrated ", "... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . ", "has its rewards ", "the animation master ", "hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful ", "i loved the look of this film . ", "can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music ", "infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent ", "unusual , food-for-thought cinema ", "pleasant ", "a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness ", "light the candles , bring out the cake and ", "the four feathers comes up short ", "a psycho ", "coordinated ", "their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- ", "better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh ", "the mayhem in formula 51 ", "of the masterful british actor ian holm ", "who does n't think about percentages all day long ", "sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet ", "these people ", ", you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . ", "its strengths ", "knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , ", "cram too many ingredients ", "there is n't much to it . ", "marvelous verdu ", "earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot ", "chin 's film serves up with style and empathy ", "witty expose ", "there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising ", "lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story ", "a classic genre ", "that tells us nothing new ", "foundering performance ", "brow ", "smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . ", "hackneyed concepts ", "a moral tale ", "personal tragedy and ", "perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . ", "has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue ", "visually and thematically ", "an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind ", "hailed ", "it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . ", "melodramatic bodice-ripper ", ", crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . ", "blessed ", "almost humdrum approach ", "a scummy ripoff ", "a guiltless film for nice evening out ", "change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow ", "is so incredibly inane ", "applying definition to both sides of the man ", "splatterfests ", "runs on the pure adrenalin ", "both contrived and cliched ", "the gorgeously elaborate continuation ", "about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore ", "sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll ", "generous and subversive ", "with their charisma ", "seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks ", "clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set ", "no lika ", "you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably ", "hazy high ", "an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ", "rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . ", "has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots ", "gushing -- ", "clever scripting solutions ", "unusual but unfortunately also irritating ", "an important , original talent ", "trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish ", "you 'll know a star when you see one . ", "is pretty much the same all over ", "highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ", "from which no interesting concept can escape ", "manages to accomplish what few sequels can ", "you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy ", "sharp ", "krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone ", "may find it uninteresting ", "family , forgiveness and love ", "attracting ", "stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue ", "a small movie with a big impact . ", "updated dickensian sensibility ", "deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history ", "it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes ", "dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . ", "like-themed film ", "should never forget ", "flawed but ", "are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . ", "being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "independent-community ", "may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . ", "flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- ", ", it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . ", "because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . ", "sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser ", "feels homogenized and a bit contrived , ", "company once again dazzle and delight us ", "the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed ", "confused ", "a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people ", "much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ", "tiresome as 9 ", "recommend read my lips ", "one clever line ", "us all ", "temperamental child ", "the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style ", "if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . ", "most magical and most fun family fare ", ", labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . ", "of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure ", "it 's provocative stuff , ", "the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable ", "denouement ", "lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail ", "animated filmmaking since old walt ", "elegance ", ", ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . ", "i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . ", "those visual in-jokes ", "veered off too far into the exxon zone , and ", "poor dana carvey ", "wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ", "trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults ", "a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart ", "full-bodied ", "no-surprise series ", "... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . ", "one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . ", "the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream ", "moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language ", "to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness ", "this is a heartfelt story ", "truly terrible ", "collapse ", "interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . ", "seems to be coasting . ", "the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil ", "running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . ", "informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ", "we just do n't really care too much about this love story . ", "a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) ", "a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . ", "the performances are often engaging ", "a rumor of angels should dispel it . ", "'s not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered ", "... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . ", "the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , ", "begin to long for the end credits ", "you love it ", "maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , ", "are as mushy as peas ", "the film with their charisma ", "make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime ", "the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered . ", "ambitious comic escapade ", "a solid , psychological action film ", "a very tasteful rock and roll movie ", "a complete waste of time ", ", this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . ", "like a copout ", "the primitive murderer ", "it 's potentially just as rewarding ", "brisk hack ", "loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel ", "often surprising twists and ", "the suspense never rises to a higher level ", "a joint promotion for the national basketball association and ", "'s badder than bad . ", "just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . ", "although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . ", "a deft pace master ", "as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ", "would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment ", "damon and ", "as big a crowdpleaser as ", "a half dozen ", "but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . ", "proves tiresome ", "never ", "somewhat flawed , ", "a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship ", "unrewarding all of this ", "good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . ", "this gutter romancer 's ", "the choices ", "british stage icon ", "through all too painfully ", "that place , that time ", ", deceit and murder ", "incorporates so much ", "as mindless ", "a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . ", "zany ' ", "to keel over ", "issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate ", ", solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy ", "thriller junk . ", "starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "is pretty funny ", "she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . ", "of the worst dialogue ", "big , fat , dumb ", "oo many of these gross out scenes ... ", "fanciful motion picture ", "look at that clever angle ", "of an ignored people ", "slight but enjoyable documentary . ", "( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ", "tear your eyes away ", "is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else ", "it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . ", "sleazy ", "feels like a spectator and not a participant ", "bland hollywood romance ", "the best of the swashbucklers ", "its predecessors proud ", "the plot grows thin soon , ", "bad to be good ", "an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing ", "to easy jokes and insults ", ", red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . ", "but a little too smugly superior ", "but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . ", "has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ", "but quietly effective retelling ", "the worst kind of mythologizing , ", "genial than ingenious ", "is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . ", "meandering ", "if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . ", "the rest is just an overexposed waste of film ", "of a culture in conflict ", "you were n't invited to the party ", "an ultra-loud blast ", "is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . ", "fan to appreciate scratch ", "'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff ", "of what it actually means to face your fears ", "'s equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight ", "serviceability , but ", "duds ", "enormous packages ", "delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . ", "this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . ", "their project so interesting ", "'s too close to real life to make sense ", "comes across as both shallow and dim-witted ", "shows what great cinema can really do ", "a capable thriller ", "well-intentioned , ", "the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take ", "conceivable ", "are becoming irritating . ", "falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . ", "zinger-filled crowd-pleaser ", "that makes it worth checking out at theaters ", "a solid base hit . ", "learns that believing in something does matter ", "are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... ", "an interesting character ", "sequences boring . ", "simply stupid , ", "keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming ", "like a beautiful food entr\u00e9e that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless ", "achieves some kind of goofy grandeur ", "a decent popcorn adventure ", "comedy , caper thrills ", "your disgust and your indifference ", "finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . ", "'ve never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ", "is wholly unconvincing ", "eager fans ", "has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . ", "willing to have fun with it ", "the filmmakers know how to please the eye ", "appreciates the art ", "a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document ", "'s mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . ", "the act is still charming here . ", "anguish , anger and frustration ", "character portrait , romantic comedy ", "heroine ", "avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away ", "joyous documentary ", "time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it ", "clumsy ", "devastation ", "last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise ", "captivating and intimate study ", "valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious ", "a heroine as feisty and ", "deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . ", "it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . ", "shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and ", "stereotypes ", "it 's a funny no-brainer ", "all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . ", "throw elbows when necessary ", "this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "mushy ", "messy and frustrating , ", "a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period ", "even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . ", "one only a true believer could relish ", "flops ", "the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . ", "an assurance worthy ", "just as much intelligence ", "silly comedy ", "oddly compelling . ", "i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . ", "finds his inspiration ", "wizened ", "simone is not a bad film . ", "demanding than it needs to be ", "proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . ", "it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman ", "skewed to ever get a hold on ", "with his picture-perfect life ", "to the genre and another first-rate performance ", "personified in the film 's simple title ", "tired old vision ", "a harrowing account ", "hack script ", ", tiresome nature ", "unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity ", "a nicely ", "as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor ", "interesting psychological game ", "misanthropic ", "regardless of race ", "inspired ", "a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that ", "an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . ", "preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . ", "more quick-witted than any english lit ", "'s a pretty woman ", "nothing new ", "with the same number of continuity errors ", "prefer to keep on watching ", "there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . ", "refuses to spell things out for viewers ", "'s rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ", "is just garbage ", "it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "pays off and ", "changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", ", stay away . ", "look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . ", "one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen ", "so devoid ", "worse yet ", "very well shot or ", ", it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . ", "were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes ", "the trap of the maudlin or tearful ", "of black indomitability ", "star ", "and plastic knickknacks ", "'s fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . ", "the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen ", "had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility ", "a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely ", "gibberish ", "the weird thing ", "the rhapsodic dialogue ", "all the heart ", "the week blown up for the big screen ", ", it 's a pale imitation . ", "not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . ", "for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls ", "michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal ", "it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "for a critical and commercial disaster ", "feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal ", "the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel ", "to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "remarkable and memorable ", ", flashy , overlong soap opera . ", "has virtually nothing to show ", "off-kilter dialogue ", "is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh ", "have fun with it ", "meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "be seen everywhere ", ", this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . ", "becalmed ", "`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad ", "schizo cartoon ", "yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . ", "loses sight of its own story ", "it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . ", ", like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! ", "ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities ", "it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one ", "a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle ", "sameness ", "true love ", "its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , ", "its elegantly colorful look ", "a film with contemporary political resonance ", "a film , and such a stultifying , ", "misconstrued as weakness ", "hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge ", "the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes ", "welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees ", "was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ", "is n't something to be taken seriously ", "more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . ", "as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising . ", ", shrewd , powerful act ", "liking ", "woefully hackneyed movie ", "hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity ", "characters ramble ", "good cast ", "approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise ", "realistically terrifying movie ", "the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . ", "of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters ", "is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , ", "a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . ", "'ll love this movie ", "mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet ", "the best performance from either in years ", "partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- ", "gives us mostly fool 's gold ", "to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . ", "too slow ", "accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition ", "naturally dramatic ", "the best korean film ", "moving and not infrequently breathtaking ", "winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say ", "of the greatest date movies in years ", "a spectacular completion one ", "into clich\u00e9s ", "helps create a complex , unpredictable character . ", "an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson ", "is reasonably entertaining ", "nothing special and , until the final act , ", "is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . ", "even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks ", "its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that ", "it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . ", "that i just did n't care ", "a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings ", "this unique and entertaining twist ", "impeccable sense ", "the unmentionable ", "the picture itself is somewhat problematic ", "if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure ", "of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves ", "intellectual and ", "wild , endearing , masterful ", "inventiveness ", "'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . ", "of superficiality ", "is easily as bad at a fraction the budget ", "sags ", "duvall 's throbbing sincerity and ", "should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . ", "does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this ", "injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . ", "illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity ", "its sweeping battle scenes ", "the film 's length becomes a part of its fun ", "mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . ", "the intended , er , spirit ", "ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong ", "solidly ", "an improvement on the first blade ", "the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy ", "well-conceived ", "acclaim ", "love , memory ", "nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride ", "way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness ", "lost . ", "heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis ", "transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals ", "works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm ", "predictable at every turn ", "is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ", "is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan ", "nurtured his metaphors ", "entertaining tricks ", "a dud -- ", "pleasure . ", "translate well ", "potentially good ", "jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat ", "( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ", "'s a movie that gets under your skin ", "greatest ", "soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . ", "the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ", "it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . ", "tick-tock ", "to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", ", the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . ", "the cinematic equivalent of high humidity ", "our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions ", "... a true delight . ", "almost peerlessly unsettling . ", "like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy ", "dry the undead action flick formula ", "various sources ", "viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality ", "their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script ", "conservative christian parents and ", "he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees ", "well-thought ", "the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted ", "preposterous , prurient ", "has a lot of charm ", "all sing beautifully and act adequately . ", "the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and ", "no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes ", "described as a ghost story gone badly awry ", "your pooper-scoopers ", "female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "hampered ", "shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema ", "intelligent high school ", "me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . ", "to a harrison ford low ", "one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . ", "not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . ' ", "a fascinating curiosity piece ", "the cultural distinctions ", ", i do n't see the point ", "perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy ", "required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? ", "macaroni and cheese ", "conventional , ", "certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . ", "deadeningly ", "frustrating ", "eerily ", "one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . ", "is one big , dumb action movie . ", "much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . ", "that puts another notch ", "can get your money back ", "avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks ", "such a talented director as chen kaige ", "see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' ", "enjoy themselves ", "sparkling beauty ", "auspicious feature debut ", "has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . ", "visual virtuosity ", "intelligence ", "rambling and incoherent manifesto ", "a streetwise mclaughlin group ", "sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act ", "the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . ", "multilayered ", "a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile ", "new ", "a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming ", ", the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . ", "full-bodied performance ", "sinister inspiration ", "was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) ", "represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken ", "neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . ", "loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy ", "a moving , if uneven , success . ", "too much exploitation and too little art ", "it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer ", "has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director ", "surprise family ", "of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone ", "very difficult ", "a smart , romantic drama ", "casting call ", "an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you ", "suitable ", "the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack ", "that this should seal the deal ", "painful nuance ", "hard , endearing , caring , ", "the funniest moments ", "` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy ", "... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . ", "flailing reputation ", "gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , ", "never gaining much momentum ", "the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor ", "getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ", "despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema ", "to match the ordeal of sitting through it ", "marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . ", "exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise ", "so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . ", "often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments ", "do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . ", "assassination ", "compelling dramatic means ", "sleek ", "treads old turf ", "really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages ", "a smile , just sneers and bile ", "it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it ", "a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . ", "it will warm your heart , and ", "incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud ", "wildly entertaining ", "is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it ", "offers escapism ", "of temptation , salvation and good intentions ", "` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey ", "cheapo animation ", ", to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner ", "with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties ", "shines through every frame ", "honest ", "is thought-provoking ", "is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . ", "championship ", "a pale successor ", "one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ", "would n't have the guts to make . ", "find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . ", "like peace ", ", delicately performed ", "wonderfully speculative character ", "can practically hear george orwell turning over . ", "` best part ' of the movie ", "the actors are simply too good , ", "that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . ", "plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , ", "vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much . ", "the career peak ", "unpredictable character ", "arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year ", "opportunists ", "to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "are n't very bright ", "colorful and controversial ", "surrealist flourishes ", "fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . ", "overwrought ", "cheesy b-movie ", "certainly ", "that 's just too boring and obvious ", "reek of a script ", "the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . ", "the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny . ", "is all over the place , really ", "as little cleavage ", "the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear . ", "is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still ", "a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess ", "created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "rekindles ", "drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . ", "... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . ", "you reach the finale ", "that deals with first love sweetly ", "imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s ", "this painfully forced , false and fabricated ", ": it 's not really funny . ", "lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse ", "( leigh ) has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . ", "'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... ", "taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings ", "sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . ", "more silly than scary ", "broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , ", "does probably as good a job as anyone ", "we 're drawn in by the dark luster . ", "mostly undeterminable ", "a real audience-pleaser ", "without any redeeming value whatsoever ", "long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy ", "expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup ", "while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . ", "often strains ", "proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , ", "seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . ", "the characters are based on stock clich\u00e9s , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility ", "into an urban hades ", "bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue ", "amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . ", "gluing you to the edge of your seat ", "a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . ", "pushiness and decibel volume ", "deceptively simple , ", "will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement ", "of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ", "we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at ", "had all its vital essence scooped ", "broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . ", "has rewards , ", "is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side ", "creates an impeccable sense of place ", "at all the wrong times ", "video before month 's end ", "as comfort food often can ", "may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . ", "a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's ", "me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire ", "repugnant ", "a beyond-lame satire ", "obscenely bad dark comedy ", "this bad on purpose ", "its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . ", "acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . ", ", four-star movie ", "good vampire tale ", "beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . ", "a good time for both children and parents ", "makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . ", "soulful nuances ", "'s a spectacular performance - ahem ", "is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . ", "confront it ", "very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb ", "jams too many prefabricated story elements ", "the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . ", "these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . ", "of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience ", "low-budget filmmaking ", "it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and ", "transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . ", "give it considerable punch . ", "every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera ", "should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come ", "have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies ", "mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . ", "predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters ", "banal as the telling ", "returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power ", "make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . ", "a fake street drama ", "a solidly entertaining little film ", "spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", ", energetic and sweetly whimsical ", ", ` how can you charge money for this ? ' ", "meager ", "his surprising discovery of love and humility ", "like a room stacked with pungent flowers ", "proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be ", "live a rich and full life ", "find it uninteresting ", "the hell cares ", "lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . ", "upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "being wasabi 's big selling point ", "an unusually surreal tone ", "recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ", "by a bravura performance ", "'s as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest ", ", the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . ", "will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . ", "it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ", "of adolescent sturm und drang ", "the 3-d vistas from orbit ", "stay ", "so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines ", "must shoot it in the head ", "humorless ", "too little excitement and zero compelling storyline ", "not-so-small problem ", "more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat ", ", despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . ", "it will be , ", "how low brow it is ", "simple tale ", "as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . ", "like its hero ", "sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life ", "to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation ", "matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! ", "this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient ", "whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation ", "a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale ", "be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ", "even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ", "make like the title and dodge this one . ", "loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . ", "an impressive style ", "with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . ", "always the prettiest pictures ", "'s a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . ", "does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "something bigger than yourself ", "fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd . ", "most colorful and controversial artists ", "a tale full of nuance and character dimension ", ", mind-numbingly , indescribably bad ", "artfully ", "the worst movie i 've seen this summer ", "are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... ", "rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . ", "the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , ", "more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air ", "conniving wit ", "the under-7 crowd ", "has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . ", "slow ", ", eastwood is off his game ", "like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . ", "a flat script and a low budget ", "young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "pleasurable expressions ", "washed out despite all of that ", "does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . ", "might not seem like the proper cup of tea ", "is priceless ", "finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground ", "is too short ", "groaners ", "parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' ", "even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . ", "a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . ", "offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves ", "disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas ", "arrogant richard pryor wannabe ", "seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece ", "k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ", "a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long ", "red lights , a rattling noise ", "insane ", "christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists ", "shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles ", "sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism ", "of read my lips ", "directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ", "which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious ", "j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl ", "far too much ", "talented friends ", "'s face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , ", ", heartfelt ", ", dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . ", ", it finds a nice rhythm . ", "what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . ", "'s unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year ", "probably want to see it twice ", "call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . ", "impossibly contrived situations ", "a way that verges on the amateurish ", "a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement ", "a computer-generated cold fish ", "a generic bloodbath ", "feel the love ", "a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts . ", "not infrequently breathtaking ", "disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects ", "the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so ", "but utterly delightful . ", "that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . ", "he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . ", "an inarticulate screenplay ", "it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; ", "utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team ", "the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . ", "the film 's final hour ", "comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . ", "is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits ", "imax cinema ", "stupid and ", "a high-powered star pedigree ", "intelligence , wit or innovation ", "taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion ", "it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . ", "is something of a triumph ", "know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . ", "solidly entertaining ", "pleasure ", "enriched ", "bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . ", "spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry ", "this is downright movie penance ", "they see the joy the characters take in this creed ", "satisfying crime drama ", "loves both dance and cinema ", "flat run ", "you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", ", dumb action movie ", "leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated ", "offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games ", "too many prefabricated story elements ", "overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy ", "moving tale ", "is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up ", "ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang ", "melodramatic paranormal romance ", "with passion and energy ", "ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . ", "vibrance and ", "painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama ", "over-the-top , and ", "a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** ", "the work of a genuine and singular artist ", "hitler 's destiny ", "is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously ", "a show forged in still-raw emotions ", "that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy ", "appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . ", "truly annoying pitch ", "tackled a meaty subject and ", "shockingly bad and ", "whole package ", "that make it well worth watching ", "gets us ", "there , done that ", "... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . ", "`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' ", ") comes off like a hallmark commercial ", "an awkward hybrid ", "more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ", "own pretentious self-examination ", "a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . ", "the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . ", "us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose ", "posey ", "thoughtful examination ", "made you love it ", "eight legged freaks ? ", "ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way ", "the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . ", "freedom ", "a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . ", "bordering on confessional ", "will lead when given the opportunity ", "easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking ", "feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards ", "they were insulted and ", "the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . ", "direct-to-video ' release ", "pray has really done his subject justice . ", "some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy ", "a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message ", "fits ", "succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing ", "to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before ", "it is an uneven film for the most part ", "white-knuckled ", "ill-equipped ", "ludicrous terms ", "a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma ", "overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . ", ", ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious ", "a fake street drama that keeps telling you ", "naturally funny film ", "may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going ", "warmed over pastiche ", "be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad ", "there are laughs aplenty , ", "most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial ", "of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "banal in its message and the choice of material ", "funny film . ", "an enthralling , entertaining feature ", "shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time ", "of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing ", "deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is ", "a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child ", "the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession ", "crass , low-wattage endeavor ", "babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... ", "surprisingly decent flick ", "is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams ", "a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . ", "but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself ", "of its plot contrivances ", "warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality ", "the incredibly flexible cast ", "the best , ", "could have been crisper and punchier ", "this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "nothing good can happen ", "stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . ", "horror ", "chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . ", "generous , inspiring film ", "miss congeniality ", "makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film ", "churlish ", "treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures ", "provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . ", "becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . ", "courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis ", "thumbs up to paxton ", "marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today ", "are natural and lovely ", "is bright and flashy in all the right ways ", "leaves us laughing ", "rather listless amble ", "oddly whimsical ", "to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama ", "trip tripe ", "after the clever credits roll ", "the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness ", "quite entertaining ", "be liberating ", "the solid filmmaking and ", "some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . ", "are ... impeccable throughout ", "lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' ", "ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution ", "with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies ", "softheaded metaphysical claptrap ", "little emotional resonance ", "one of the best movies of the year ", "of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans ", "turn stupid ", "`` spider-man '' certainly ", "of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . ", "devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and ", ", all credibility flies out the window . ", "one summer film that satisfies ", "to fill time ", "is an accomplished actress ", "a very good viewing alternative ", "the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "falters ", "unmotivated ", "wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago ", "a rather bland ", "with a teeth-clenching gusto ", "makes their project so interesting ", "shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , ", "with fascinating connections ", "hastily written ", "diesel is n't the actor to save it . ", "charmer ", "opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog ", "boisterous energy ", "doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers ", "tinged with tragic undertones ", "you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright ", "bland songs ", "increasingly incoherent fashion ", "speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . ", "clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and ", "is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture ", "mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . ", "it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . ", "for the better ", "political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country ", "a bunch of talented thesps ", "done and perfectly ", "straightforward and old-fashioned ", "an impressive and highly entertaining celebration ", "like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , ", "satisfied ", "of its gaudy hawaiian shirt ", "engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay ", "perfectly rendered period piece ", "a stunningly unoriginal premise ", "a heroine as feisty and principled as jane ", "as sexy beast ", ", funny ", "flawless ", "hated myself in the morning ", "a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . ", ", with enough negatives ", "a playful respite ", "it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable ", "gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . ", "characteristically engorged and sloppy ", "does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . ", "often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction ", "a grim future ", "a quietly introspective portrait ", "is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . ", "the genius ", "( a ) mess . ", "with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie . ", "of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary ", "intelligent , and humanly funny film ", "talented ", "the avant-garde fused with their humor ", "appealing couple ", "is a children 's film in the truest sense . ", "be depressing , ", "often exquisite ", "nothing special ", "has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . ", "greatness ", "i shamelessly enjoyed it ", "seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . ", "you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes ", "a popcorn film , not a must-own , ", "the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . ", "'s surprisingly decent , particularly ", "this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . ", "deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone ", ", you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ", "hollywood ending just is n't very funny . ", "a stab at soccer hooliganism ", "roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . ", "cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump ", "klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , ", "this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . ", "ferrara 's ", "that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name ", "list ", "of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker ", "let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best ", "surreal ache of mortal awareness ", "had no effect and ", "who paid to see it ", "exhilarating but blatantly biased . ", "real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . ", "derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting ", "the film would be a total washout . ", "hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications ", "personable , amusing cast ", "great trashy fun ", "barely register ", "the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . ", "definitely gives you something to chew on ", "this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out ", "a remarkable and novel concept ", "marks to take on any life of its own ", "quite unengaging ", "the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence ", ", it 's quite fun in places . ", "the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . ", "the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' ", "sweeping , ", "enticing and often ", "louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and ", "brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . ", "just becomes sad ", "feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . ", "the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom ", "and vulgar innuendo ", "built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . ", "mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . ", "it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . ", "a reasonable degree of suspense ", "to escape the shackles of its own clich\u00e9s to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks ", "strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin ", "its own direction ", "wretchedly unfunny wannabe ", "needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us ", "handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama ", "maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "enjoyable 100 minutes ", "to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time ", "lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . ", "the needlessly poor quality ", "rip-off ", "watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . ", "illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . ", "unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . ", "are intriguing and realistic ", "it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . ", "this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... ", "snooze . ", "is definitely horse feathers ", "is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . ", "possess the lack-of-attention span ", "'s that painful . ", "a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 ", "some real vitality and ", "roman coppola 's brief pretentious period ", "does n't really know or care about the characters , ", "... a great , participatory spectator sport . ' ", ", despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , ", "the marvelous first 101 minutes ", "placing their parents ", "a bad premise ", "warmth and gentle ", "'s all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage ", "bombs ", ", this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . ", "overdone ", "with verve ", "a touching drama ", "special ", "give you a few laughs ", "please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies ", "better actor ", "a fine , focused piece of work ", "supposed to feel funny and light ", "sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell ", "feel like a chump ", "on this screenplay ", "honest insight ", "the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions ", "this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- ", "story and pace ", "remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end ", "by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit . ", "a high note ", "cult film ", "destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . ", "is thought-provoking . ", "a measure of style ", "the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . ", "it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , ", "its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway ", "saves this deeply affecting film from being merely ", "willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists ", "seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ", "purposes of bland hollywood romance ", "rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again ", "the fact that it is n't very good ", "so many merchandised-to-the-max movies ", "entirely irony-free zone ", "engaging comedy ", "loquacious ", "'s a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . ", "disastrous ", "again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . ", "insipid , brutally clueless film ", "vile ", "finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "full of privileged moments and memorable performances ", "falling short ", "criticism ", "magical enough ", "properly spooky ", "first-rate , especially sorvino ", "the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- ", "less compelling than the circumstances of its making ", "the acting is n't much better . ", "have loved it ", "kitchen-sink homage ", "that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . ", "color and depth , and rather a good time ", "knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . ", "photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life ", "whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . ", "forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "disorientated ", "ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway ", "ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ", "classic text ", "this unique director 's previous films ", "the modern master ", "rare insight ", "painfully flat gross-out comedy ", "a beautifully ", "the charisma ", "robert duvall ", "our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender ", "that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it ", "a good idea ", "reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism ", "joys ", "the only reason ", "those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 ", "the smarter offerings the horror genre ", "slightly wised-up kids ", "with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley ", "the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . ", "the delicious trimmings ", "an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off . ", "is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book ", "dead ( water ) weight ", "there , done that , ", "funny , moving yarn ", "bouncy score ", "lovely and amazing ", "bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . ", "seems as if each watered down the version of the one before ", "argentinean ` dramedy ' ", "gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , ", "this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . ", "contradiction ", "a mesmerizing cinematic poem ", "you have to see it . ", "gives the film its lingering tug ", "a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man ", "the second half of the movie really goes downhill . ", "dumb high school comedy ", "vampire fun ", "the horror ", "is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' ", "even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece ", "the biggest problem ", "struggling nobody ", "seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece ", "long ", "this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love ", "hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . ", "batman ", "'s no energy ", "how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and ", "american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . ", "hollywood ending is a depressing experience ", "for something as splendid-looking as this particular film ", "this is a film living far too much in its own head . ", "with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural ", "is wickedly fun to watch ", "lazy , miserable and smug ", "it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . ", "the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country ", "a highly watchable , giggly little story ", "an even less capable trio ", "pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys ", "cultural satire ", "2002 's first great film ", "somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton ", "difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are ", "runs out of steam after a half hour . ", "is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling ", "reasonably creative ", "holds itself ", "holds promise ", "ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film ", "worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles ", "drag it down to mediocrity -- ", "'s nothing resembling a spine here ", "( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . ", "most offensive action ", "more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... ", "the first half of sorority boys ", "to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident ", "uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter ", "the usual cliches ", "portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and ", "falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice . ", "comedies to hit the screen in years ", "you 're in for a painful ride . ", "defined ", "there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . ", "neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made ", "schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , ", "this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . ", "of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm ", "quite a bit of heart , ", "unpleasantly ", "all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy ", "it ai n't art , by a long shot , ", "pokey ", "chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . ", "the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it . ", "wise and elegiac ... ", "spikes of sly humor ", "coming close to bowling you over ", "not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "wit and dignity ", "will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting ", "gedeck ", "when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life ", "constrictive ", "that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma ", "this overproduced piece of dreck ", "donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan ", "even lower-wit ", "gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error ", "uptight , middle class bores like antonia ", "peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body ", "in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . ", "enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story ", "of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ", "worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . ", "where santa gives gifts to grownups ", "why it fails ", "together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . ", "beautiful work ", "but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . ", "works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . ", "imaginative filmmaker ", "does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously ", "exceeds ", "embarrassment and others ", "need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter ", "it 's a big idea ", "to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie ", "walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' ", "its shortness disappoints ", "'s real visual charge to the filmmaking ", "rally to its cause , ", "mr. chabrol 's subtlest works ", "artificial and opaque ", "know what it wants to be ", "glorified ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; ", "connection and concern ", ", there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy ", "sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . ", "put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes ", "arrest development in a dead-end existence ", "an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work . ", "amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing ", "wo n't much care about ", "where the upbeat ending feels like a copout ", "a calculating fiend or ", "endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison ", "mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . ", "a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels ", "potentially interesting ", "an important film ", "is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . ", "kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . ", "'re in a slap-happy mood ", "the observations ", "a smart new comedy ", "one of the funniest motion ", "over the end of cinema ", "boorish ", "sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy ", "as subtle and as enigmatic ", "campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . ", "a tough pill to swallow and ", "stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . ", "relied too much ", "covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people ", "slapdash disaster . ", "elegant and ", "leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions ", "is honestly affecting ", "of clean and sober ", "the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . ", "it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . ", "leaves no southern stereotype unturned ", "'s not scary , not smart and not engaging ", "that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic ", "powerful entity ", "is high on squaddie banter ", "you 've a taste for the quirky ", "through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ", "complex ", "riveting ", "dull , inconsistent , dishonest ", "why it works as well as it does ", "that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience ", "a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent ", "find an escape clause ", "to ignite sparks ", "unified ", "that should be used to burn every print of the film ", "flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community ", "impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face ", "compelling supporting characters ", "for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and ", "savory ", "seems endless ", "the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . ", "'s a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . ", "overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes ", "being a total rehash ", "with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , ", "versace ", "with efficiency and an affection for the period ", "often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ", "better vehicle ", "of dishonesty ", "life ", "on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored ", "get on television ", "every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . ", ", this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . ", "nothing really happens ", "sly , sophisticated and surprising ", "the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . ", "is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . ", "even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . ", "the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ", ") utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ", "impressive and ", "recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end ", "capable ", "to a dumb story ", "substantial depth ", "suffered and bled ", "it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe ", "sappy ethnic sleeper ", "way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film ", "unimaginable demons ", "without in any way demeaning its subjects ", "feeling refreshed and hopeful ", "with its unbelievable na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks ", "a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . ", "loneliest dark spots ", "of the more influential works ", "ages that is n't fake fun ", "this is going to be something really good ", "the kind of social texture and realism ", "film : honest ", "ends up being neither ", "to see who can out-bad-act the other ", "good-natured ensemble comedy ", "combined with stunning animation . ", "the brim with ideas ", "hugely enjoyable film ", "elegance and ", "very compelling , ", "are remarkable ", "is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film ", "dud from frame one ", "ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going ", "the poor quality ", "in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . ", "the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . ", "will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . ", "will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear ", "shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . ", "a lot to recommend read my lips ", "luminous interviews ", "is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees ", "more than a tepid exercise in ", "as much as i laughed throughout the movie ", "romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters ", "confection that 's pure entertainment ", "five screenwriters are credited with the clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before ", "of high humidity ", "ignites ", "almost impossible ", "told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans ", "as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle ", "advancing ", "pure , exciting moviemaking ", "the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative ", "schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' ", "the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff\u00e9 and demi moore 's the scarlet letter . ", "not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . ", "the holocaust ", "frightening late fees ", "delightful little film ", "is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing ", "be of interest primarily to its target audience ", ", the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , ", "soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . ", "from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ", "struggle furiously ", "is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . ", "imposter makes a better short story than it does a film ", "remarkably faithful one ", "pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious ", "the muck ", "an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . ", "starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop ", "the film grows on you . ", "what a great way to spend 4 units of your day ", "thinks-it-is joke ", "might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts ", "a terrible adaptation ", "as a castrated ", "goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice ", "two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "is just too original to be ignored ", "do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves ", "the answer is as conventional as can be ", "piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . ", "touching , ", "the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema ", "`` the best disney movie since the lion king '' ", "quirky movie ", "little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , ", "robinson 's web of suspense ", "delicious pulpiness ", "loud , silly , stupid and pointless ", "a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most ", "called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful ", "by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience ", "faint of heart or conservative of spirit ", "descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured ", "that its own action is n't very effective ", "new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team ", "williams ' anarchy gets tiresome ", "brings us right into the center of that world ", "its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . ", "not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . ", ", lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . ", "solid emotional impact ", "the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", "-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline ", "entertain all ages ", "hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power ", "he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers ", "laudable in themselves ", "it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie ", "maudlin focus ", "undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . ", "he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash . ", "soderbergh 's best films ", "is still good fun ", "reading an oversized picture book before bedtime ", "quirky and fearless ability ", "aimlessly and ", "a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey ", "clich\u00e9s and sneering humor ", "fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . ", "so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident ", "humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' ", "quirky rip-off prison ", "skillfully ", "the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "cascade over the screen effortlessly ", "escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story ", "a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life . ", "bright future ", "will likely enjoy this monster ", "with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor ", "fairly trite ", "'s most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . ", "rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . ", "in its bold presentation ", "constantly touching ", "animation and game phenomenon ", "the most oddly honest hollywood document of all ", "star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film ", ", but it is a refreshingly forthright one . ", "engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks ", "hitchcock 's ", "delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy ", "claude ", "delights for adults ", "so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ", "ear-pleasing songs ", "a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . ", "jaded ", "of the other ", "leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . ", "admirable energy ", "once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends ", "settles on a consistent tone . ", "sending the audience straight to hell ", "loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money ", "overproduced piece ", "independent film ", "mysterious and brutal nature ", "simple-minded and stereotypical ", "enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals ", "eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . ", "the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt ", "all the right ways ", "'s a minor treat ", "the plot has a number of holes , ", "an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . ", "smartly written ", "something appears to have been lost in the translation this time ", "lacking any sense of commitment to or ", "that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food ", "a film in which the talent is undeniable ", "autistic ", "admirable reconstruction ", "a perfect medium ", "a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . ", "is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights ", "mystic ", "pseudo-philosophic ", "conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . ", "to make absurdist observations ", "the film 's lack ", "it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure ", "a glorified episode ", "is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors ", "a puritanical brand of christianity ", "this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , ", "excellent performances ", "'s also pretty funny ", "a confusing melange ", "satisfying ", "further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap ", "seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material ", "engaging film ", "below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . ", ", energetic and original ", "tired of going where no man has gone before ", "you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works . ", "cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ", "unbearably dull ", "so interesting ", "comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible ", "makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . ", "an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off ", ", one hour photo lives down to its title . ", "is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . ", "a tendency to slip into hokum ", "overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love ", "works the way a good noir should ", "fatal ailments ", "satisfyingly scarifying , fresh ", "the film 's considerable charm ", "that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love ", "far more meaningful ", "b.s. ", "... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ... ", ", dopey old ", "20 years apart ", "is that it does n't give a damn ", "who comes to america speaking not a word of english ", "it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ", "the all-too-familiar dramatic arc ", "lots of cute animals and clumsy people ", "off-puttingly cold ", "as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds ", "one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "thought it was going to be ", "honestly ", "tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . ", "is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year ", "too many `` serious issues '' ", "a good music documentary , ", "is highly pleasurable . ", "hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes ", "rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , ", "the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers ", "an interesting topic , some intriguing characters ", ", the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . ", "by letting you share her one-room world for a while ", "skilfully ", "that the journey is such a mesmerizing one ", "is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , ", "is visually smart ", "demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself ", "studios ", "irritates and saddens me ", "spy flick worthy ", "if the film is well-crafted and this one is ", "muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . ", "make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs ", "candy and cheeky ", "sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish ", "it 's the very definition of epic adventure . ", "literally ", "film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days ", ", schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . ", "treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects ", "a total lack ", "ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times ", "hollywood confection ", "everyone making it ", "beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm ", "offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun ", "immersive ", "sweet , tender sermon ", "it 's all the stronger because of it ", "the artwork is spectacular and ", "savory and ", "positive ( if tragic ) note ", "so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits ", "the worst of their shallow styles ", "sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and ", "episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . ", "depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece ", "'re over 25 ", "winning , heartwarming yarn ", "is sufficiently funny ", "it 's a spirited film and a must-see ", "imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen ", "there is n't much there here . ", "find in this dreary mess ", "humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him ", "in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin ", "that pollyana would reach for a barf bag ", "superb performances ", "... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . ", "perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die ", "are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . ", "most at women 's expense ", "will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ", "do not automatically equal laughs ", ", i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . ", "have a hard time believing it was just coincidence ", "george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks ", "it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls ", "take the viewer inside the wave ", "amusing us ", "semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act ", "people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and ", "looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ", ", offensive and redundant ", "sinuously plotted and ", "preachy and clich\u00e9d ", "beautifully produced film ", "little more than a well-mounted history lesson ", "how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible ", "most basic ", "powerful emotional wallop ", "the movie 's major and most devastating flaw ", "shot on ugly digital video ", "if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness ", "should not be missed . ", "drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other ", "busy ", "has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film ", "your favorite pet get buried alive ", "without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision ", "the thing ' and a geriatric ", "thoughtful , visually graceful ", "sluggish , tonally uneven . ", "spout hilarious dialogue ", "in bad stage dialogue ", "homage ", "one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us ", "things really get weird , though not particularly scary : ", "presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and ", "( headbanger ) ", "far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins ", "rarity ", "barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . ", "the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : ", "that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in ", "the disadvantage of also looking cheap ", "like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop ", "the sentimental script has problems ", "in the process created a masterful work of art of their own ", "a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . ", "clearly evident quality ", "lacked ", "inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience ", "there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . ", "of its own brilliance ", "offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else ", "will be occupied for 72 minutes . ", "the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them ", "are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances ", "fabuleux ", "( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . ", "but then again , i hate myself most mornings . ", "the heroes of horror movies try to avoid ", "it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . ", "a satisfying complete picture ", "the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama ", "the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) ", "in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "'s something about mary and both american pie movies ", "this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . ", "shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . ", "about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances ", "succumbing to sentimentality ", "a witty , whimsical feature debut . ", "a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet ", "not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget ", "baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . ", "are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence ", "cliche pileup ", "elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender ", "the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music ", "adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . ", "imaginative teacher ", "'d grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . ", "even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness ", "is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . ", "throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , ", "a thriller without a lot of thrills ", "is rigid and evasive in ways ", "chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' ", "sly female empowerment movie ", "like this film ", "the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . ", "big time stinker ", "undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece ", "just for sitting through it ", "in an increasingly important film industry and ", "involved , ", "directed with sensitivity and skill ", "exhilarating ", "phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose ", "a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place ", "an 88-minute rip-off of the rock ", "the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . ", "an exercise in chilling style , ", "worth checking out at theaters ", "`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors ", "bomb ", "recommend it ", "with laughs ", "a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem ", "narrative and ( too ) short ", "your face for two hours ", "a guarantee ", "eisenstein delivers . ", "'m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ", "sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "his life , his dignity and his music ", "we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "his chemistry with shimizu is very believable ", "measured or polished ", "released in imax format ", "imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . ", "santa gives gifts to grownups ", "too much power , not enough puff . ", "excruciatingly ", "gets off with a good natured warning ", "watching this waste of time ", "a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . ", "that rohmer still has a sense of his audience ", "directing with a sure and measured hand ", ", and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "ambiguous and nothing ", "is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . ", "grandeur ' shots ", "graham greene 's novel ", "do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation ", "'s only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after ", "the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant ", "enough moments to keep it entertaining ", "realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital ", "masterpiece ", "bludgeoning ", "acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake ", "is why film criticism can be considered work . ", "a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . ", "religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and ", "ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with ", "often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet\u00e9 and sophistication ", "he script is n't up to the level of the direction ", "supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . ", ", juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ", "offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse ", "it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . ", "creating the characters who surround frankie ", ", around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . ", "cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . ", "any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . ", "just two ", "uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful ", "is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other ", ") fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ", "does n't work . ", "sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . ", "makes all the difference ", "that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "wallowing in hormonal melodrama ", ", brain-deadening hangover ", "no level whatsoever for me ", "is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . ", "is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . ", "for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters ", "that is revelatory ", ", chilling and heart-warming ", "that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", "ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . ", "is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . ", "cheery and tranquil ", "as single-minded as john carpenter 's original ", "most offensive ", "disease-of-the-week ", "cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional ", "street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , ", "like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while ", "green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . ", "much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand ", "trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ", "is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance ", "alternately hilarious and sad ", "stupid ", "doze off thirty minutes into the film ", ", green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . ", ", it is clearly a good thing . ", "one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . ", "snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure ", "- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . ", "proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy ", "yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time ", "a bad soap opera ", "just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play ", "rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - ", "puts a human face ", "laughs at how clever it 's being . ", "shamelessly enjoyed it ", "the most original american productions this year ", "as its own most damning censure ", "sure , it 's contrived and predictable , ", "every member ", "quality twist ", "is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen ", "quickie tv special ", "to do that is really funny ", "feminist empowerment tale thinly ", "to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry ", "moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver ", "for kids or their parents , for that matter ", "somewhat backhanded ", "elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ", "exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . ", "'s depressing to see how far herzog has fallen ", "all in all , a great party . ", "nothing new to see ", "the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . ", "give a second look ", "a bland animated sequel that ", "make the most of the large-screen format , ", "unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes ", "that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "courageousness ", "a movie-industry satire ", "we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . ", "writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . ", "moron ", "honest observations ", "long and unfocused ", "decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . ", "the very top rank ", "talky films ", "'ve already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles ", "is , we have no idea what in creation is going on ", "nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length ", "may not be a straightforward bio ", "an overly familiar scenario ", "gay love stories ", "'s still terrible ! ", "a total misfire ", "a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times ", "are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , ", "the efforts of a first-rate cast ", "is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . ", "represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . ", "very stupid and annoying . ", "exhausted , desiccated talent ", "cute factor ", "pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice ", "satisfying summer ", "serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm ", "haphazardness ", "a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences ", "ethnic ", "`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' ", "counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget ", "like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . ", "comic possibilities ", "you had already seen that movie ", "as good , if not better ", "to light ", "movie rapes ", "had all its vital essence scooped out ", "to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun ", "lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) ", "what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . ", "to a strangely sinister happy ending ", "fare with real thematic heft ", "is the best he 's been in years ", "begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . ", "a must ", "aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . ", "modestly surprising ", "a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions ", "perhaps the grossest movie ", "a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable ", "is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . ", "by far the worst movie of the year ", "love liza 's ", "is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks ", "a visionary marvel ", "star power , ", "before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar ", "s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , ", "is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience ", "it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . ", "a beautiful film ", "the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work ", "the film special ", "mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . ", "has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . ", "getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ", "sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "all the usual spielberg flair ", "honoring ", "seems so real ", "sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time ", "is the far superior film ", "an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you ", "before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about ", "on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . ", "an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . ", "comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "above-average ", "` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . ", "sweet home abomination ", "like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . ", "over with ", "rather brilliant little cult item ", "pretty unbelievable ", "enjoyable undercover brother ", "beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images . ", "succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system ", "of the worst movies of one year ", "about as inspiring ", "the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess . ", "is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . ", "the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . ", "very well-written and very well-acted ", "it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . ", "is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card ", "cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ", "shekhar kapur ", "put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese ", "real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve ", "freeman and judd make it work ", "difficult to fathom ", "consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . ", "funniest motion ", ", kinetically-charged spy flick worthy ", "a bad movie , ", "the , yes , snail-like pacing and ", "is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . ", "its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ", "holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . ", "surprise us with plot twists ", "reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . ", "of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "off-puttingly ", "meandering , low on energy , ", "a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it ", "adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover ", "jordan jealous ", "real natural , even-flowing tone ", "'s awfully entertaining ", "you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles ", "third-rate ", "consistently sensitive and ", "of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "grant 's two best films ", "some laughs in this movie ", "for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . ", "dramatic experience . ", "'s burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . ", "for fun-seeking summer audiences ", "a sketchy work-in-progress ", "'s superficial and unrealized ", "very minds ", "'s relentlessly folksy ", "yet it 's potentially just as rewarding ", "solid execution ", "'s never too late to learn ", "find anything to get excited about on this dvd ", "breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . ", "well-crafted psychological study ", "drag ", "narcissistic ", "passionate enthusiasms ", "at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . ", "shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera ", ", it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . ", "is amiss in the world . ", "to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out ", "extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability ", "( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated ", "the throes of their first full flush of testosterone ", "tendentious intervention ", "somehow snagged an oscar nomination ", "feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . ", "survive a screening with little harm done ", "the movie 's most admirable quality ", "quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . ", "it has its faults , ", "informative ", "a headline-fresh thriller ", "so watchable ", "... a light , yet engrossing piece . ", "a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story ", "it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success . ", "emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "drooling over michael idemoto as michael ", "propulsive ", "that the answer is as conventional as can be ", "stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , ", "delightfully against the grain ", "like a side dish no one ordered ", "the enduring strengths of women ", "dying and loving ", ", you 'll still have a good time . '' ", "well-crafted ", "the best case for christianity ", "a true study , a film with a questioning heart ", "written , flatly , by david kendall ", "hip comedy ", "'s a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . ", "dress up in drag ", "is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and ", "a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . ", "crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection ", "admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet ", "ludicrous film ", "winner ", "time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference ", "is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same ", "a breath of fresh air now and then ", "love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up ", "coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro ", "the sleekness ", "moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . ", "try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . ", "whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned ", "so devoid of artifice and purpose ", "is familiar but enjoyable . ", "car to drive through ", "a dull , somnambulant exercise ", "earnestness ", "the worst of the entire franchise ", "the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you ", "... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . ", "meager weight ", "even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . ", "with love for the movies of the 1960s ", "denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role ", "traditional layers of awakening and ripening and ", ", collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure ", "truly wonderful tale ", "from a bad clive barker movie ", "bargain-basement ", "the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose ", "a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people ", "a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . ", ", godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . ", "goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it ", "will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids ", "are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . ", "is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it ", "it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting . ", "be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees ", "bad in a major movie ", "beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors ", "oddly fascinating depiction ", "turns into an ocean of trouble ", "does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor ", "wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message ", "killer ", "nice evening out ", "you have no affinity for most of the characters . ", "frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ", "the delight of discovery ", "as darkly funny , energetic , and ", "in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis ", "is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material ", "amazing ! ", "... had this much imagination and nerve ", "gaunt ", "enjoyed the thrill of the chill ", "timelessness ", "a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative ", "elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior ", "this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ", "proves you wrong on both counts ", "the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected ", "terrifically entertaining ", "be all too familiar ", "it slow , predictable and not very amusing ", "lan yu never catches dramatic fire . ", "is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless ", "contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past ", ", amusing and unpredictable ", "sabotaged by pomposity ", "plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . ", "staggeringly dreadful romance . ", ", as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , ", "uses a totally unnecessary prologue , ", "awkward version ", "astonishing is n't the word -- ", "is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ", "of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy ", "crack a smile ", "has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ", "my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . ", "of constant smiles and frequent laughter ", "frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably ", "the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , ", "the dullest science fiction ", "original and insightful ", "rambling ", "it 's not very interesting . ", "left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "under its own thinness ", "wow factors ", "ame and unnecessary ", "( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . ", "like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "enormously good ", "nonjudgmental ", "poignant and funny ", "a low , smoky and inviting sizzle ", "that effortlessly draws you in ", ") do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ", "uplifting ", "a lighthearted comedy ", "of joyful solo performance ", "this in the right frame of mind ", "works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . ", "a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . ", "beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances ", "too cliched ", "successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie ", "very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . ", "neighborhood ", "its oscar nomination ", "low-budget and ", "found in almost all of his previous works ", "shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about ", "'m left slightly disappointed that it did n't . ", "goofiest ", "a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise ", "a film that relies on personal relationships ", "worst sin ", "most humane and important ", "knockoff ", "menacing atmosphere ", "it 's too long and unfocused . ", "not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but ", "are of the highest and the performances ", "vivid , convincing performances ", "smart , savvy , compelling ", "the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "an elegant visual sense and ", "but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . ", "lives down to its title . ", "a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration ", "that disconnects every 10 seconds ", "a smart , compelling drama ", "average kid-empowerment fantasy ", "true impact ", "to savor binoche 's skill ", "almost humdrum approach to character development ", "ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's ", "please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject ", "is the sense that peace is possible ", "with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master ", "delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower ", "a teenybopper ed wood film , ", "the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle ", "is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . ", "particularly memorable effect ", "just another voyeuristic spectacle ", "the reefs ", "alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . ", "the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . ", "creative urge ", "nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book ", "has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen ", "shows the promise of digital filmmaking ", "overstays its natural running time ", "an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "become a major-league leading lady ", "eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . ", "capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter ", "the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . ", "a discreet moan ", "the most wondrous love story in years ", "a step further , richer and deeper ", "plain lurid ", "may fall fast asleep ", "astounding on any number of levels ", "disaster flick ", "a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough ", "it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . ", "is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost ", "a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) ", "perfectly rendered ", "just plain ", "a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation ", "of building to a laugh riot ", "the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . ", "by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut ", "its characterization of hitler and ", "truly bad ", "pray does n't have a passion for the material . ", "starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar ", "rich and exciting ", "though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . ", "reveal his impressively delicate range ", "the thing just never gets off the ground . ", "about hatred ", "consummate actor ", "the way ", "funny and , in the end , ", "'re burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol ", "an entertaining movie ", "as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody ", "this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . ", "the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , ", "a really long , slow and dreary time ", "this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "it overstays its natural running time ", "are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense ", "is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts ", "has flopped as surely as a souffl\u00e9 gone wrong ", "plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . ", "that there 's really not much of a sense of action ", "degrades its characters , its stars and its audience ", "even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making ", "shrewd ", "complications ", "interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , ", "here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad ", "'re definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . ", "nothing but an episode of smackdown ", "see a movie ", "exasperatingly ", "a copout ", "phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american ", "takes big bloody chomps out ", "you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects ", "charming result ", "dumb gags , anatomical humor , ", "and insufferable ball ", "rival the filmmaker 's period pieces ", "a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . ", "the screen -- loud , violent and mindless ", "is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . ", "our most flamboyant female comics ", "because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length ", "went over my head or -- considering just ", "a portrait of two strong men in conflict ", "warn ", "a total rehash ", "this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts ", "sex toys and offers ", "dreary tale of middle-class angst ", "a warm , fuzzy feeling ", "the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped ", "incessantly ", "i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , ", "the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and ", "a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ", "eccentric and ", "that george lucas can only dream of ", "inconsequential ", "plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . ", ", there is n't much there here . ", "the visual flair and bouncing bravado ", "excellent cast ", "the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . ", "sloppy script ", "loose , poorly structured ", "truly gorgeous ", "beautifully crafted and brutally honest ", "effectively chilling ", "that it 's more than a worthwhile effort ", "a good movie ye who enter here ", "a bad premise , ", "the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and ", "it 's not original enough . ", "dullest kiddie flicks ", "to drag on for nearly three hours ", "'s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something ", "does n't add up to much ", "there is greatness here . ", ", passionate ", "the curse of blandness ", "a failure ", "the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . ", "a brainless flibbertigibbet ", "to one of demme 's good films ", "technical achievement ", "fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end ", "over-the-top , and amateurish ", "the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . ", "this strenuously unconventional movie ", "the film sits with square conviction ", "exhilarating new ", "it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but ", "has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . ", "creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , ", "more experimental ", "is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ", "moving and stark reminder ", "to the illogic of its characters ", "i do n't see the point ", "it 's great cinematic polemic ", "no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us ", "to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally ", "plodding ", "... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . ", "savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed ", ", i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . ", "offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ", "understands the grandness of romance ", "assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off ", "put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... ", "no satisfaction ", "the action clich\u00e9s just pile up . ", "sending the audience ", "exist only for its climactic setpiece ", "what makes the film special ", "leaves scant place for the viewer ", "thoughtlessly assembled ", "stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline ", "christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot ", "create and sustain ", "believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before ", "director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . ", "from each film ", "the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ", "this fascinating -- and timely -- content ", "like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . ", "91-minute trailer ", "about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "very good acting ", "in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . ", "of good sense ", "to a biting satire that has no teeth ", "it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . ", "oft-brilliant ", "antonio banderas ", "dead ", "powerful and deeply moving example ", "to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy ", "good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again ", "this waste of time ", "ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film ", "a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . ", "self-righteousness ", "notable for its sheer audacity and openness ", "the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny ", "of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet ", "a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback ", "is awesome ", "the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time ", "bluto blutarsky , we miss you . ", "those farts got to my inner nine-year-old ", "its success on a patient viewer ", "are really going to love the piano teacher ", "it is derivative ", "this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . ", "less-is-more approach ", "of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss ", "crack a smile at ", "in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . ", "of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "a smart , steamy mix ", "a real story ", ", but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . ", "children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation ", "is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "it 's an effort to watch this movie ", "instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge ", "standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . ", "is virtually unwatchable ", "ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe ", "such superficial treatment ", "beautifully ", "you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes ", "hell ", "should see it as soon as possible ", "the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ", "feel sanitised and stagey ", "acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being ", "actually exploiting it yourself ", "are consistently delightful ", "willie would have loved it ", ", scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' ", ", laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser ", "what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? ", "the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph ", "you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet ", "its own style ", "begin with ", "a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall ", "is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . ", "has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . ", "is as conventional as can be ", "are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . ", "not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch ", "nothing distinguishing ", "the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' ", "more fascinating look ", "the right to be favorably compared to das boot ", "like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . ", "builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy ", "dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ", "to surprise us with plot twists ", "priggish ", "powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "is funny and ", "berling and b\u00e9art ... continue to impress , ", "is particularly impressive ", "watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ", "a humorless ", "a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length ", "a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . ", "while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . ", "are often more predictable than their consequences ", "pg-13 ", "the rich details ", "lighting effects and innovative backgrounds ", "features some decent performances ", "first-rate cast ", "a tone of rueful compassion ... ", "a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries ", "'s a loathsome movie ", "the movie is amateurish ", ", also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end ", "making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing ", "`` suck '' ", "the enjoyable undercover brother , ", "very choppy and monosyllabic ", "sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . ", "vibrant and ", "bitchy frolic ", "no idea what in creation is going on ", "incessant use ", "their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable ", "an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter ", "giving it a strong thumbs up ", "slick production values and ", "entertaining and informative ", "really a thriller so much ", "no way original , or even ", "smart , funny ", "a movie where story is almost an afterthought ", "how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . ", "director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency ", "has a great cast and a great idea . ", ", involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . ", "a domestic unit finding their way to joy ", "a moving and important film ", "groan and hiss ", "more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway ", "narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . ", "does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country ", "acute writing ", "problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . ", "a disaster ", "haunting tale ", "is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . ", "leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout ", "pompous and ", "a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . ", "interesting story ", "i do n't know what she 's doing in here ", "you feel like a sucker ", "for damon/bourne or his predicament ", "exquisite trappings ", "a lovably ", "loneliness can make people act weird ", "'ll love it and ", "into melancholia ", "its own good ", "a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller ", "it 's crafty , energetic and smart ", ", considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . ", "just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy ", "unique ", "vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . ", "stock character camp ", "one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . ", "'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical ", "lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . ", "bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . ", "is a masterfully conducted work ", "ah-nuld 's ", "it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! ", ", beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . ", "cedar 's ", "is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio ", "keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . ", "about intelligent high school ", "contrived pastiche of caper clich\u00e9s . ", "the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . ", "relatively dry material ", "enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and ", "goes awry ", "an unseemly pleasure ", "the banality and hypocrisy ", "stand in future years as an eloquent memorial ", "is banal in its message and the choice of material ", "dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... ", "the arguments ", "most compelling ", "who are alternately touching and funny ", "to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish ", "the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . ", "if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director ", "( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and ", "cinderella ", "things insipid ", "about the human need for monsters to blame for all that ", "kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ", ", unforced ", "breathless ", "the elements that will grab you ", "yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . ", "the dynamic first act ", "'s nowhere near ", "expected it to be ", "splendid production design ", "staggeringly unoriginal terms ", "contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . ", "the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . ", "rejected x-files episode ", "good-natured and ", "palpable chemistry ", "if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ", "best achievements ", "in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office ", "sprightly ", "arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . ", "many clich\u00e9s ", "nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s ", "honest and loving ", "flatulence ", "it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . ", "has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . ", "cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . ", "with a cast of a-list brit actors ", "probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals ", "who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted ", ", nuanced ", "a must-see ", "with maggots crawling on a dead dog ", "are more involving than this mess . ", "a fair amount of b-movie excitement ", "'s simply unbearable ", "candid , archly funny and deeply authentic ", "an engrossing portrait ", "flat champagne ", "deals with first love sweetly ", "reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart ", "not just unlikable . ", "want nothing else than to show us a good time ", "delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . ", "doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents ", "hot topics ", "a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . ", "the threat implied in the title pok\u00e9mon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming ", "bracingly truthful ", "spectacularly well ", "in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . ", "has several strong performances ", "the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday . ", "manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun ", "the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . ", "mindless action flick ", "great monster/science fiction flicks ", "at once visceral and spiritual , ", "directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing ", "painful ", "'s always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . ", "what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "a delicious crime drama ", "is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter ", "it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness ", "broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . ", "a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system ", "rowdy slapstick ", "other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "important movie ", "'s spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . ", "it 's so bad ", "sad but endearing characters ", "but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort ", "stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece ", "` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . ", "the real deal ", "goes on and on to the point of nausea . ", "a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie ", "director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach ", "admirers ", "in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work ", "too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time ", "if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . ", "if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or ", "i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ", "beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . ", "emotional car-wreck ", "gets vivid performances ", "tian 's meticulous talent ", "much better ", "there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but ", "funny and , in the end , very touching ", "the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus ", "mopping up ", "troubling and ", "nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through ", "of modern life ", "study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . ", "steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . ", "then the film is a pleasant enough dish . ", "'s affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . ", "to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them ", "a mesmerizing performance ", "this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . ", "is almost ", "to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book ", "warmth and longing ", "impress ", "to suffer ' ", "comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter ", "noticeably less ", "willing to express his convictions ", "it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . ", "crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . ", "'s definitely worth ", "the original hit movie ", "corny sentimentality ", "is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and ", "the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry ", "listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again ", "there is a great deal of fun . ", "an intelligent , realistic portrayal ", "a passing twinkle ", "my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and ", "compromising that complexity ", "a cool event ", "a lifetime ", "ensure that the film is never dull ", "of embarrassment ", "emotionally malleable ", "highly predictable ", "though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy ", "rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . ", "polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions ", "it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . ", "wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial ", "a well-deserved reputation ", "devos ", "hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . ", "from bland actors ", "rage and alienation ", "against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ", "is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor ", "extremely well acted by the four primary actors ", "a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end . ", "a whole lot of fun ", "is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . ", "stale , futile scenario ", "are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones ", "with intelligence and care ", "can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace ", "all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn ", "little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , ", "ca n't recommend it . ", "'s an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . ", "it has fun with the quirks of family life , but ", "moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "not only to his craft , but to his legend ", "leave you speaking in tongues ", "do all three quite well ", "these people mattered ", "hip hop fantasy ", "hard-won rewards ", "had to sit through it again ", "subtlest works ", "because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references ", "another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . ", "'s encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it ", "crisp framing , edgy camera work , ", "ca n't really be called animation ", "an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos ", "contrived and secondhand ", "what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height . ", "is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . ", "from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "- i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! ", "a good line ", "happy , heady jumble ", "is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... ", "look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar ", "inter-species ", "sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "the worst excesses ", "that good ", "that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice ", "clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ", "maguire makes it a comic book with soul ", "pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script ", "visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ", "desperate ", "students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . ", "brilliant surfing photography ", "clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . ", "the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . ", "auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... ", "not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous ", "unsettling prognosis ", "funny ( sometimes hilarious ) ", "to absurd lengths ", "does n't generate a lot of energy . ", "failure ", "assured , vital ", "very funny ", "the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . ", "the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . ", "fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . ", "why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and ", "giggly ", "with its moving story ", "this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . ", "a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome ", "satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . ", "fire-breathing ", "it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . ", "by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent ", "it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . ", "choppiness ", "a huge action sequence ", "of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories ", "'s a shame ", "a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . ", "more predictable than their consequences ", "like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump ", "the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between . ", "to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be ", "pleasant enough dish ", "if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . ", "guilt-free trip ", "the characters seem one-dimensional , and ", "there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . ", "complicated characters ", "to describe exactly how bad it is ", "bad imitation ", "on different levels ", "delivers on the promise of excitement ", "of the darkest variety ", "bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically ", "have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up ", "'s very much like life itself ", "even better ", "adorable italian guys ", "inadequately ", "veracity ", "give performances of exceptional honesty ", "accomplished and richly resonant work . ", "of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles ", "there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ", "arch and rather cold-blooded comedy ", "richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold . ", "'s dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous ", "convoluted ", "as pedestrian as they come . ", "have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "watching it was painful . ", "leave the theater ", "a weirdly beautiful place ", "forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be ", "pure craft and passionate heart ", "is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . ", "mysterious , ", "but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity ", "of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny ", "a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ", "romantic-comedy duds ", "an uplifting , ", "a solid , well-formed satire . ", "glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum ", "his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace ", "draws its considerable power ", "by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived . ", "for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . ", "over-indulgent tirade ", "of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live ", "is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . ", "the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend ", "imagine that most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 has been unturned ", "admirable storyteller ", "becomes claustrophobic ", "portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , ", "stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why ", "a new scene ", "frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness ", "no lika da ", "has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness ", "a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking ", "will find it more than capable of rewarding them ", "the energy humming ", "the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . ", "is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . ", "this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . ", "it wo n't hold up over the long haul , ", "real characters and compelling plots ", "of the rarest kinds of films ", "terrific performances ", "but not great ) ", "morality , family , and social expectation ", "the film 's thoroughly recycled plot ", ", i 'll buy the soundtrack . ", "get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy ", "service of of others ", "the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste ", "'s the very definition of epic adventure . ", "beauty and ", "insightfully written , delicately performed ", "most antsy youngsters ", "of a good cast ", "it 's a ripper of a yarn ", "like saturday morning tv in the '60s ", "avert our eyes ", "owes enormous debts ", "know the picture is in trouble . ", "for nearly three hours ", "are tops ", "charm , cultivation and devotion to his people ", "despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . ", "the lively appeal ", "imaginatively mixed cast ", "very thrilling ", "to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish ", "a more than satisfactory amount of carnage ", "foul up shum 's good intentions . ", "melancholy ", "an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees ", "are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile ", ", intricate magic ", "the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine ", "( ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . ", "wrapped up in the characters ", "of bewitched that takes place during spring break ", "provocative stuff ", "'s also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness ", "a grating , ", "offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . ", "smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . ", "the charisma and ability ", "is not it ", "an underdone potato ", "is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . ", "that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "are frequently too dark to be decipherable ", "too predictable and far too cliched ", "modestly ", "deal funnier ", "a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . ", "nails hard ", "that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves ", "takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance ", "bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon . ", "garbage . ", "abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here ", "as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air ", "after the death of a child ", "s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but ", "feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing ", "what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . ", "recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes ", "indignant ", "any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships ", "air of gentle longing ", "to triumphantly sermonize ", "whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone ", "trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture ", "it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion ", "with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes ", "fall apart ", "is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet ", "dumbed-down version ", "the ultimate imax trip ", "drowns in sap . ", "have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", ", should scare any sane person away . ", "toss-up ", "loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness ", "gentle , touching story ", "a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "sit through it again ", "decent kid-pleasing ", "a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , ", "gay s/m fantasy ", "of run-of-the-mill profanity ", "is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ", "not scary , not smart and not engaging ", "crafted , ", "will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime ", "disturbing . ", "mildly entertaining ", "makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . ", "may just scare the pants off you . ", "banged their brains ", "hastily and amateurishly ", "telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . ", "such a big job ", "'s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . ", "suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . ", "gives everyone ", "amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , ", "a solid , anguished performance ", "laudable ", "ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . ", "with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do ", "as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today ", "tired old ", "are served with a hack script . ", "do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages ", "offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar ", "a walk to remember '' ", "is clearly extraordinarily talented ", "music you may not have heard before ", "boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . ", "to come from an american director in years ", "george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . ", "playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery ", "the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man ", "meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen ", "to use the word `` new '' in its title ", "fiascos ", "quickly wears out its limited welcome ", "who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes ", "the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is ", "most immediate and most obvious pleasure ", "caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare ", "is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it ", "to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle ", "a solid formula for successful animated movies ", "as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films ", "a funny , puzzling movie ", "it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars ", "are too crude to serve the work especially well ", "perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year ", "'re definitely convinced that these women are spectacular ", "some corny television ", "mindless action movie ", "has a way of seeping into your consciousness , ", "a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached ", "'s bright ", "bullock 's memorable first interrogation ", ", yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . ", "remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing ", "captain ", "i could just skip it ", "like mere splashing around ", "reached its expiration date ", "despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . ", "in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine ", "ruins every single scene he 's in ", "a delightfully dour ", "is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ", "will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product ", "is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . ", "a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away . ", "does somehow manage to get you under its spell ", "their recklessness ", "utter authority ", "creeping ", "irreparably ", "helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses ", "nature film and a tribute ", "despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . ", "uproarious humor ", ", i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . ", "spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . ", "ill-considered ", "contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . ", "the none-too-original premise ", "the power of strong voices ", "particularly memorable ", "he 's the god of second chances ' ", "rushed , slapdash ", "if you have the patience for it ", "a downer and a little ", "from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen ", "a middle-aged romance ", "humor , warmth ", "good ear ", "flourishes and ", "we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . ", "figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . ", "the self-destructiveness ", "sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys ", "is a career-defining revelation ", "matters play out realistically if not always fairly . ", "satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time ", "enough of interest onscreen ", "heart ", "one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters ", "competently directed but terminally cute drama . ", "something must have been lost in the translation . ", "flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity ", "an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice ", "estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro ", "cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . ", "lines , the impressive stagings of hardware ", "a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man ", "crude and unrelentingly exploitative ", "relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs ", "shallow and dim-witted ", "vastly entertaining ", "'s insanely violent and very graphic ", "a low rate annie ", "mere plot pawn ", "play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen ", "most ardent ", "'s an unhappy situation ", "if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . ", "more revealing , more emotional and more surprising ", "harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . ", "helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears ", "you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment ", "brutally dry satire ", "could be intriguing ", "helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome ", ", and intelligent ", "a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . ", "attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "alone is worth the price of admission . ", "rich , shadowy black-and-white ", "a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast ", "dead-on in election ", "crushing disappointment ", "the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ", "great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers ", "in an admittedly middling film ", "great scares ", "this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . ", "'s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . ", "irrepressible passion ", "lack contrast , are murky ", "'s certainly laudable ", "curious about each other against all odds ", "little more than a mall movie designed to kill time ", "would have saved this film a world of hurt ", "by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ", "will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . ", "spend years trying to comprehend it ", "snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . ", "aggravating ", "the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones ", "good sweat ", "reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen . ", "of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "psychologically revealing . ", "it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) ", "for once ", "skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics ", "daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope ", "is clearly a good thing ", "insufferably naive ", "suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . ", "it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . ", "exit the theater ", "with really poor comedic writing ", "ill-wrought hypothesis ", "willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching ", "a gloriously goofy way ", "in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . ", "there are for children and dog lovers ", "drek ", ", shoot-em-up scene ", "'s all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . ", "in the tradition ", "piffle ", "sodden ", "shining performance ", "those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary ", "be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother ", "the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way . ", "a cheap clich\u00e9 ", "chafing ", "movie sputters ", "crystallize key plot moments ", "to face frightening late fees ", "if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . ", "are simply dazzling ", "its relaxed ", "intriguing and stylish . ", "no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . ", "go-for-broke acting that heralds something special ", "offer a fascinating glimpse ", "the relentless gaiety ", "of the best ensemble casts of the year ", "walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome ", "an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton ", "( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . ", "it 's mission accomplished ", "ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops ", "offensive and nothing at all like real life ", "yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... ", "this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree ", "may pander to our basest desires for payback ", "become annoying and artificial ", "intriguing and realistic ", "delicious ", "deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals ", "biography channel ", "the right thing ", "jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . ", "based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "'re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles ", "no reason to exist ", "debt miramax felt they owed to benigni ", "an aimless hodgepodge ", "that stands a good chance of being the big ", ", comfortable ", "sour ", "is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . ", "you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . ", "is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . ", "dramatic enough to sustain interest ", "a nice coffee table book ", "... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . ", "expressively performed ", "accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . ", "really solid ", "people who like their romances to have that french realism ", "the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "metaphor ", "a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict ", "fails to entertain ", "misfiring ", "even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . ", "the obnoxious special effects ", "may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces ", "exceedingly ", "in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off ", ", luridly colored , ", "groundbreaking ", "'ll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . ", "is virtually absent ", "funny thrill ", "cute alien creature ", "8 crazy nights ", "few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and ", "old pickup skidding ", "the most sincere and artful movie ", "though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . ", "might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds ", "ultimately vapid ", "most exciting action films ", "you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "mawkish ", "laugh-out-loud lunacy ", "some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine ", "stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . ", "does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . ", "a depressing story ", "smack of a hallmark hall of fame ", "saved this film ", "excellent use ", "in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense ", "'s as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast ", "offbeat humor , amusing characters , and ", "has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' . ", "hard-won ", "scrutinize ", "more measured or polished production ", "whiny ", "extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . ", "remarkably insightful ", "as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted ", "on `` stupid '' ", "this cliche pileup ", "this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . ", "of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . ", "all , a great party ", "puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers ", "interesting developments ", "and pasta-fagioli comedy ", "sham actor workshops ", "pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success ", "from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings ", "rare quality ", "spiritual film taps ", "exciting moviemaking ", "an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep ", "is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film ", "a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun ", ", like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . ", "brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing ", "is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump ", "to perform entertaining tricks ", "it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all ", "represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director ", "hodgepodge ", "the joyous , turbulent self-discovery ", "a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . ", "like a non-stop cry for attention ", "in form ", "the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , ", "will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely ", "refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm ", "need a playful respite ", "sewage ", "a curious sick poetry , ", "'s so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . ", "stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel ", "without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision ", "the script 's refusal ", "entirely witless and inane ", "for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . ", "without a fresh infusion of creativity ", "is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life ", "it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such . ", "is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . ", "utterly painful ", "something fishy ", "thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt ", "kinky fun ", "odd but ultimately satisfying ", "like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . ", "in earnest dramaturgy ", "could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage ", "otherwise dull ", "one of the best looking and stylish ", "having a real writer plot ", "short running ", "even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . ", "works so well ", "maintaining consciousness just long enough ", "what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer ", "the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ", "an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character ", "lingerie models and bar dancers ", "real humor ", "more fascinating ", "is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ", "is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . ", "two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . ", "humbuggery ... ", "class warfare ", "sometimes inadequate performances ", "jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive ", "sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . ", "to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama ", "feel-good movie ", ", like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . ", "the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' ", "allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- ", "a flood of emotion ", "for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . ", "music videos ", "they are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . ", "sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . ", "of enthralling drama ", "screenplay to die for ", "douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . ", "a head-turner ", "after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . ", "can get past the taboo subject matter ", "petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ", "of being a good documentarian ", "has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years ", "not well enough ", "hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , ", "'m giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . ", "though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . ", "transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama ", "of obnoxious ", "a very sincere work ", "our respect ", "an action/thriller of the finest kind ", "succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . ", "flat , misguided comedy ", "the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan ", "it makes your teeth hurt ", "seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics ", "that it goes nowhere ", "the comic possibilities ", "'s both charming and well acted ", "that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ", "no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . ", "unflappable ", "a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "smacks of exhibitionism ", "by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich\u00e9 ", "suck up ", "power-lunchers ", "did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "see the movie ", "looking for a return ticket ", "at ease sharing the same scene ", "keeps this pretty watchable , ", "is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . ", "of control on a long patch of black ice ", "a fine effort , ", "a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character ", "a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it ", "yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so ", "for the most part , the film is deadly dull ", "the desperation of a very insecure man ", "the clumsy clich\u00e9 ", "sly , sophisticated and surprising . ", "'s not that funny -- ", "like a tired tyco ad ", "flash but little emotional resonance ", "boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", "at its best ", "low-brow humor , gratuitous violence ", "of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis ", "for an all-around good time at the movies this summer ", "really horrible drek . ", ", the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . ", "is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . ", "it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it ", "could be a passable date film ", "ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches ", "know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money ", "doubt it ", "derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films ", "execrable . ", "stiff and ", "gets the tone just right -- ", "hopkins ", "inconclusive ", "guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . ", "a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production . ", "a fine , focused piece ", "delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride ", "picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like ", "the insanity ", "genuine laughs ", "rumblings ", "of the situation in a well-balanced fashion ", "for a touching love story ", "am\u00e9lie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin ", "all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect ", "( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ", "lacks the spirit of the previous two ", "emotional seesawing ", "to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out ", "has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . ", "a great american adventure ", "the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . ", ", `` minority report '' astounds . ", "an uneven mix ", "potentially trite and overused ", "is nicely shot , ", "enough ", "predictable storyline and ", "the good and different ", "parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . ", "while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . ", "digs into their very minds ", "despite terrific special effects and funnier gags ", "in-depth portrait ", "remarkably accessible and haunting film ", "has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ", "found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . ", "unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . ", "manipulative and ", "the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) ", "the film that surprises or delights ", "often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . ", "watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . ", "all in all , a great party ", "layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and ", ", and larded with exposition ", "carries it to unexpected heights ", "seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "is n't as sharp as the original ", "of jason x ", "'s fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . ", "the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny ", "a rip-off of the matrix ", "to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies ", "the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . ", "perfect example ", "mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences ", "straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words ", "a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind ", "generic drama ", "a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness ", "before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo ", "as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . ", ", madonna is one helluva singer . ", "there 's already been too many of these films ... ", "jackass ", "it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . ", "every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , ", "we a sick society ", "somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . ", "are remarkable . ", "the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience ", "mesmerizing ", "( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass . ", "the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . ", "was at least funny ", "it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence ", "more coming-of-age stories ", "may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . ", "could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors ", "instead , it 'll only put you to sleep . ", "is ultimately quite unengaging . ", "is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham ", "perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff ", "friendly ", ", thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . ", "gary larson 's far side humor ", "more re-creations of all those famous moments ", "conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- ", "the scenes of torture and self-mutilation ", "emotionally grand ", "farm melodrama . ", "instantly know whodunit ", "even delectable ", "'s better than its predecessor ", "five hours long ", "the previous movies ", "fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling ", "ugly behavior ", "the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals ", "be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption ", "sensual ", "predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing ", "attractive throughout ", "mind-numbingly awful ", ", and among the best films of the year . ", "the brain ", "really won my heart ", "since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth ", "-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- ", "easily accessible stories ", "humor and ", "nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . ' ", "that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock ", "a sleep-inducing thriller ", "with enough sardonic wit ", "want to watch ", "efficiency and ", "has created such a vibrant , colorful world ", "can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards ", "foolish ", "the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "never comes close to recovering from its demented premise ", "great combination act ", "carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' ", "routine stuff yuen ", "even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . ", "appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy ", "this man so watchable ", "what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . ", "so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . ", "insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . ", "for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . ", "want to smash its face in ", "watching junk ", "season ", "you 're far better served by the source material . ", "ca n't rescue this effort ", "wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . ", "clunker ", "intriguing and honorable ", "intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary ", "that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone ", "plain , unimaginative ", "his outstanding performance ", "brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . ", "whether we 're supposed to shriek ", "become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking ", "fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . ", "what made you love it ", "these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently ", "it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down ", "jackson 's ", "i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . ", "far bigger , far more meaningful story ", "let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ", "what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . ", "armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud ", "others in the genre ", "the most poorly staged and lit action ", "a straight-to-video movie ", "of four fine ", "a moving picture that does not move . ", ", even the funniest idea is n't funny . ", "an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline ", "tiny little jokes and nary an original idea ", "as the most offensive action ", "that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "tear-stained ", "it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . ", "of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid ", "challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means ", "worthy of our respect ", "that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ", "a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . ", "likely to find compelling ", "director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill ", "to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion ", "kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden ", "disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera ", "martial arts ", "throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us ", "films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain ", "swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "appropriate ", "to trivialize the material ", "its own making ", "creates sheerly cinematic appeal ", "disappointingly generic ", "poignant and wryly amusing ", "to like any of these despicable characters ", "is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . ", "a scary , action-packed chiller ", "courageous molly craig ", "an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular ", "the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . ", "just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . ", "the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "by the most random of chances ", "geared ", "subtly different ", "are in place for a great film noir ", "more fascinating -- being real -- ", "every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage ", "( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . ", "special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest ", ", vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . ", "on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . ", "are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook ", "a possible argentine american beauty reeks ", "shimmering cinematography ", "all-star ", "feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "on its own , it 's not very interesting . ", "with a zippy jazzy score ", "the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy ", "retelling ", "a film so cold and dead ", "mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality ", "thoughtful without having much dramatic impact ", "take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time ", "the last kiss is really all about performances . ", "in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "for genre fans ", "does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience ", "make the stones weep -- as shameful ", ": stallion of the cimarron is a winner . ", "hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- ", "paint-by-numbers picture ", "emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable ", "a loose , poorly structured film ", "ruthless in its own placid way ", ", witty , improbable romantic comedy ", "medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . ", "are so old-fashioned ", "absorbing ", "to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ", "precious little substance in birthday girl ", "like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . ", "bad romances ", "the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "music fans ", "misogyny and unprovoked violence ", "sexy intrigue ", "a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather ", "a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads ", "-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . ", "this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings ", "plot lapses ", "it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started ", "all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 ", "midway point ", ", ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . ", "bad-movie ", "deeply touched by this movie ", "also intriguing and honorable , ", "scant ", "fessenden continues to do interesting work ", "for the wan , thinly sketched story ", "low comedy does n't come much lower . ", "'s a very very strong `` b + . '' ", ", obnoxious 88-minute ", "balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy ", "much more successful translation ", "in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy ", "brilliant in this ", "the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row ", "but here 's a movie about it anyway . ", "it does n't make any sense ", "personal loss ", "it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny ", "charisma ", "simply , and surprisingly , ", "nonsensical and formulaic ", "this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . ", ", then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . ", "quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls ", "pointless extremes ", "see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ", ", it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . ", "less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is ", "with a fresh point of view ", "of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years ", "laughter ", "phenomenal , ", "a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality ", "of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion ", "straightforward ", "is oppressively heavy . ", "aging , suffering and the prospect of death ", "emerged as hilarious lunacy ", "this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre ", "the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that ", "outstanding originality ", "all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut ", "feeble comedy ", "the israeli/palestinian conflict as ", "which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "stylish but steady ", "but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us ", "is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem ", "is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama ", "drowsy ", "if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits ", "undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates ", "the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? ", "creative , energetic and original ", "acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses ", "filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . ", "have a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 ", "are both superb ", "figures prominently in this movie , ", "a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor ", "underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "understands characters must come first ", "irritating films ", "so badly ", "is utterly fearless as the tortured husband ", "knows how to hold the screen ", "as anything much more ", "the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . ", "ideas and special-interest groups ", "stalls ", "marvelously twisted shapes history ", "been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted ", "the most brilliant work ", "does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . ", "sensational ", "chasing who ", "glizty ", "a marvel of production design ", "with cloying messages and irksome characters ", "it should have stayed there . ", "had the misfortune to watch in quite some time ", "wholly unnecessary ", "to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd ", "too immature and unappealing to care about ", "is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge ", "( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy ", "howlingly trashy time ", "a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . ", "a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from ", "chilling advantage ", "be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set ", "arresting ", "compelling coming-of-age drama ", "puts enough salt ", "it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes . ", "modern-day comedies ", "this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . ", "makes oliver far more interesting ", "captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . ", "a thriller ", "because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl ", "balances both traditional or modern stories together ", "love , longing , ", "any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly ", "better than ` shindler 's list ' ", "melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements ", "for the best ", "as the very best of them ", "articulate , grown-up voice ", "the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes ", "than on petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script ", "fashioned an absorbing look ", "genuinely funny ensemble ", "for its originality ", "the german occupation ", "perverse ", "one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else ", "looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , ", "'s all bluster and clich\u00e9 ", "present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness ", "good line ", "taboo subject matter ", "it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . ", "exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean ", "it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works . ", ", is of overwhelming waste ", "fly at such a furiously funny pace ", "the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . ", "it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going ", "with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking ", "support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick ", "pathetic , endearing ", "you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides ", "ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ", "the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . ", "experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "overall feelings , broader ideas , ", "climax ", "i laughed at ", "lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy ", "to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . ", "did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? ", "as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy ", "`` the good girl '' a film worth watching ", "is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm ", "slack execution ", ", but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . ", "punching people in the stomach again ", "having two guys yelling in your face for two hours ", "also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "'s a spirited film and a must-see ", "is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels ", "... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . ", "have the highest production values you 've ever seen ", "suspenseful horror movie ", "surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work ", "the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it ", "than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates ", "distaste ", "not the great american comedy ", "septic ", "the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable . ", "bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . ", "a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films ", "surprisingly affecting ", "little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting ", "one arresting image ", "continues to do interesting work ", "suspense , intriguing characters and ", "it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies ", "adultery ", "the toilet and scores a direct hit ", "of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "its low groan-to-guffaw ratio ", "grasping actors ' workshop that it is ", "a phony relationship ", "consistency ", "scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys ", ", imaginative filmmaking ", "the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "a re-hash ", "it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ", "allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years . ", "without any passion ", "too ludicrous and ", "goal ", "the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . ", "a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many ", ", crowd-pleasing goals ", "bad , bad movie ", "has succeeded beyond all expectation . ", "a chiller resolutely without chills . ", "birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . ", "nary an original idea ", "the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth ", "how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence ", "directs an equally miserable film the following year ", "no interesting concept can escape ", "alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . ", "the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution ", "delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition ", "grumble ", "fetishistic violence ", "is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . ", "does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . ", "sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light . ", "it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . ", "the results are far more alienating than involving . ", "there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . ", "really get weird , though not particularly scary ", "holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) ", "it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "courageous ", "of its sense of fun or energy ", "satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ", "a heroine ", "tremendous ", "it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . ", "definitive account ", "lazy tearjerker ", "terribly episodic ", ", offering fine acting moments and pungent ", "high-minded appeal ", "vibrant charm ", "remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking ", "toilet humor ", "to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals ", ", baroque beauty ", "bludgeoning the audience over the head ", "disgusted ", "that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' ", "stunning technical achievement ", "it did n't ", "the best possible senses of both those words ", "felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . ", "probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment ", "that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony ", "that embraces its old-fashioned themes and ", "'s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . ", "is actually one of its strengths ", "earthy ", "opportunity to make absurdist observations ", "when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it . ", "art and commerce ", "fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references ", "is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family ", "limited but enthusiastic ", "an undeniably gorgeous , terminally ", "incredibly flexible ", "feature-length running time ", "to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment ", "of the things costner movies are known for ", "this alleged psychological thriller ", "whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball ", "while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic ", "his sly , intricate magic ", "a major waste ... generic ", "worst of all -- ", "effectively chilling guilty pleasure ", "gently funny , sweetly adventurous ", "counts heart as important as humor ", "on mindless action ", "was vile enough ", "is a verbal duel between two gifted performers ", "works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . ", "thoroughly awful ", "as dreadful ", "i was beginning to hate it ", "overboard ", "that most frightening of all movies ", "flashy editing style ", "is a plodding mess . ", "the wildly popular vin diesel ", "'s better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . ", "the best movies ", "effectiveness ", "come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago ", "the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee ", "capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances ", "with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy ", "devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu ", "have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "the story 's pathetic and ", "you thought would leave you cold ", "to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests ", "odd enjoyably ", "another clever if pointless excursion ", "is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones ", "does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . ", "'s nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever ", "kids-cute sentimentality ", "pretty valuable ", "ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . ", "too busy ", "malcolm mcdowell is cool . ", "is violated ", "recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "have an original bone in his body ", "without any of the pretension associated with the term ", "was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . ", "grandkids ", "and verbal clich\u00e9s ", "this year 's razzie ", "immaculate ", "ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ", "sinks to a harrison ford low . ", "avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "'re at the right film ", "gives a performance that is masterly ", "be half as entertaining as it is ", "energy , intelligence and verve , ", "wanes . ", "from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script ", "both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . ", "seems like someone going through the motions ", "is as thought-provoking as it ", "re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting ", "is a hoot ", "cheap-looking version of candid camera ", "a quaint ", "a winning comedy ", "their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . ", "to seek our tears , our sympathies ", "while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . ", "while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart ", "should appreciate its whimsical humor ", "the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion ", "be consumed and forgotten ", "takes a backseat in his own film to special effects ", ", villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . ", "is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings ", "brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability ", "the worst titles in recent cinematic history ", "hate myself most mornings . ", "too many tried-and-true shenanigans ", "... is dudsville . ", ", stupid ", "graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake ", "certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . ", "divine ", "first-class ", "bliss ", "vulgar and forgettably ", "and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics ", "of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", "brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . ", "should have been made for the tube . ", "the worst in otherwise talented actors ", "self-consciously poetic ", "just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ", "an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . ", "this strangely schizo cartoon ", "disposable , kitchen-sink homage ", "energetic , violent movie ", "the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , ", "complete lack ", "keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "he creates ", "be intriguing ", "one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme ", "does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke ", "see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside ", "into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie ", "and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . ", "because it 's so bad "], "label": [0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0]}
{"sentence": ["i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them . ", "an elegant work , food of love ", "cornball sequel ", "its premise is smart ", "consigned to the dustbin of history ", "pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away ", "constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human ", "you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer ", "creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . ", "on expressing itself in every way imaginable ", "as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . ", "a source of high hilarity ", ", the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . ", "some kind of goofy grandeur ", "far more energy ", "under-rehearsed and lifeless ", "its initial excitement ", "this filmmaker 's flailing reputation ", "a fine-looking film with a bouncy score ", "made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes ", "'s incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated ", "flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . ", "hanna-barbera charm ", "the butt of its own joke ", "there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but ", "irreparably drags the film down . ", "all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film ", "this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . ", "this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . ", "the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . ", "perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing ", "enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright ", "stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . ", "was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . ", "big-fisted ", "all its agonizing , catch-22 glory ", "than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "slightly pokey ", "fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget ", "has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . ", "of better films ", "big trouble could be considered a funny little film . ", "nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving ", "one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . ", "form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . ", "a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism ", "to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ", "you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together ", "old-fashioned storytelling ", "german jewish refugees ", "you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... ", "a very talented but underutilized supporting cast ", "nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . ", "a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . ", "'s painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama ", "intelligence and intensity ", "is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . ", ", the humor wry and sprightly ", "a gem of a movie . ", "even-toned direction ", "a trend long overdue ", "excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic . ", "than a spy thriller like the bourne identity ", ", rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . ", "remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", ", this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . ", "takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer ", "dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material ", "compelling historical tale ", "this painfully unfunny farce ", "delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . ", "amusements ", "does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this ", "sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' ", "of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much ", "an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and ", "shifting in your chair too often ", "are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable ", "do it his own way ", "wanders ", "of motherhood and desperate mothers ", "in praise of love ", "the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence ", "about one of cinema 's directorial giants ", "does not translate well to the screen ", "a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . ", "dumb , narratively chaotic ", "hit you from the first scene ", "beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom ", "evokes ", "has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension ", "is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings ", "real documentary ", "an ease ", "an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . ", "but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . ", "it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ", "succeeded beyond all expectation ", "has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series ", "a delicious , quirky movie ", "about kicking undead *** ", "a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form ", "enhance ", ", with a solid cast , ", "reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness ", "he wants you to feel something ", "has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side ", "the toughest ages a kid can go through ", "novel charm ", "the movie in a superficial way , while never sure ", "as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . ", "is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . ", "succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . ", "maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . ", "nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . ", "deadpan cool , wry humor ", "like you were n't invited to the party ", "to behold in its sparkling beauty ", "an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension ", "masterful ", "a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . ", "still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ", ", amusing ", "a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . ", "get more re-creations of all those famous moments ", "'s worth yet another visit ", "mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush ", "ills ", "'s not like having a real film of nijinsky ", "a good chance ", "ethical and philosophical ", "a genuine love story ", "sordid and disgusting ", "listen to extremist name-calling , ", ", comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . ", "how tedious ", "... familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . ", "a bad run ", "it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny ", "every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat . ", "but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking ", "how families can offer either despair or consolation ", "`` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "it should be interesting ", "unique culture ", "a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh ", "the filmmaker 's characteristic style ", "high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor ", "mean-spirited film ", "prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences ", "those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "does steven seagal come across these days ? ", "inspiring , ", "moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance ", "some flashy twists ", "not enough of interest onscreen ", "make a huge action sequence as any director ", "be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme ", "tacky and ", "the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; ", "in freshening the play ", "the essence of what it is to be ya-ya ", "very bright ", "bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . ", "i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . ", "his dependence on slapstick ", "a smart , provocative drama ", "joyless , ", "as unusually and unimpressively fussy ", "poignant japanese epic ", "'s already a joke in the united states ", "in the spirit of the season ", "could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one ", "through kafka 's meat grinder ", "plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . ", "such a perfect medium ", "in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . ", "which makes its message resonate . ", "other , better movies ", "handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch ", ", big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' ", "real magic ", "ignore but a little too smugly superior ", "wander about in thick clouds of denial ", "'ll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . ", "a ridiculous wig ", "he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals ", "is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . ", "the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . ", "aging sandeman ", "boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , ", "the charm of revolution os ", "should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ", "at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . ", "some cute moments , ", "most ingenious ", "suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . ", "is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation ", "bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** ", "uncanny ", "an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short ", "unfocused screenplay ", "`` new best friend '' ", "whose boozy , languid ", "awfully entertaining ", "the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn ", "fast and ", ", long-suffering but cruel ", "the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- ", "with an appropriate minimum of means ", "closed ", "be like trying to eat brussels sprouts ", "the work of an artist ", "threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny ", "has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and ", "adventurous indian filmmakers ", "a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore ", "is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , ", "what punk rock music ", "overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph ", "cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style ", "the unmistakable stamp of authority ", "something provocative , rich , and strange ", "an exhausted , desiccated talent ", "lacks it ", "a ponderous and pretentious endeavor ", "struck a chord in me ", "slap me , i saw this movie . ", "despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . ", "it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . ", "offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film ", "nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion ", "an argentine retread ", "a bit repetitive ", "lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", "random , superficial humor ", "of very bad scouse accents ", "is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true ", "breathtaking ", "a less-than-thrilling thriller . ", "really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons ", "an intermingling of naivet\u00e9 and sophistication ", "glaring ", "i must have failed ", "a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . ", "people who are enthusiastic about something and then ", "a moving and important film . ", "what makes it worth a recommendation ", "take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera ", "the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , ", "does n't cut it ", "haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . ", "are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . ", "working-class subjects ", "an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... ", "the innocence ", "awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals ", "the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments ", "with passable performances from everyone in the cast ", "of grace ", "thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "with enough action ", "it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored ", "purgatory county ", "was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ", "yong kang ", "tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and ", "gaining much momentum ", "stock footage ", "very lively dream ", "that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such ", "generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . ", "'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ", "its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream ", "smart and funny ", "one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album . ", "is in need of a scented bath ", "although made on a shoestring and unevenly ", "old-hat province ", "because he acts so goofy all the time ", "some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) ", "the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ", "should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", "revelatory and ", "terrible movie ", "idiotic court maneuvers ", "it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness ", "being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be ", "one of the funnier movies in town . ", "like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids ", "an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "opera-ish dialogue ", "so warm and fuzzy ", "the folly of superficiality ", "the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "jokester highway patrolmen ", "hodgepodge . ", "totally estranged from reality ", "will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . ", "darkly funny ", "holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin ", "will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "contradicts ", "can certainly go the distance , ", "rewarding . ", "a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater ", "this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ", "the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made . ", "sloppy slapstick ", "good documentary ", "the movie is a dud . ", "about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times ", "be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex ", "leaves shockwaves ", "( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) ", "how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ", "this method almost never fails him ", "a crucial third act miscalculation ", "slapped together ", "a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery ", "engaging mix ", "respects the material without sentimentalizing it ", "the silly and crude storyline ", "unexpectedly moving meditation ", "in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "seen city ", "weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . ", "odd and weird . ", "this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat ", "its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences ", "pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous . ", "are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent ", "'s often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken ", "its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture ", "see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' ", "of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "more holes ", "and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . ", "honest performances ", "the el cheapo margaritas ", "emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . ", "( and probably should have ", "green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that ", "unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . ", "throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling ", "that never ", "like to skip but film buffs should get to know ", "racist humor ", "creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . ", "such a buoyant , expressive flow of images ", "were far more entertaining than i had expected ", "intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business ", "juvenile ", "sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ", "idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger ", ", deeply felt ", "make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad ", "far tamer ", "depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . ", "this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . ", "a finely written ", "give each other the willies ", "... visually striking and slickly staged ", "of intergalactic friendship ", "there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , ", "pity anyone who sees this mishmash . ", ", is a treat . ", "ferrara 's best film in years ", "pok\u00e9mon 4ever is terrifying ", "a thrill ", "summer audience ", ", the movie possesses its own languorous charm . ", "surehanded ", "the gallic ` tradition of quality ", "is hartley 's least accessible screed ", "are spectacular ", "victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . ", "'s the worst movie of 2002 ", "transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem ", "starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- ", "neatly constructed thriller . ", "demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style ", "this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . ", "an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength ", "laughably unconvincing ", "the resourceful molly ", "to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . ", "without having much dramatic impact ", "an awful movie that ", "it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . ", "and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . ", "'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . ", "steven shainberg 's adaptation ", "in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy ", "again and quite cheered at just that ", ", i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . ", "they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . ", "you crave chris smith 's next movie ", "the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", "finery ", "chilling ", "not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker ", "ever-growing category ", "pretty funny movie ", "of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life ", "liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive ", "traffics in tired stereotypes ", "flawless film , ( wang ) ", "pedro ", "plotting and mindless action ", "fails ", "a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . ", "thoughtful screenplay ", "given it a one-star rating ", "the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . ", "disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it ", "untalented ", "the film 's lamer instincts ", "youthful affluence ", "low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and ", "touching and ", "have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . ", "a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . ", "there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . ", "but enjoyable documentary . ", "ii experience ", "it 's robert duvall ! ", "just dreadful . ", "by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , ", "conjure proper respect ", "has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo ", "gut-wrenching examination ", "like a drunken driver ", "talented thesps ", "for but a few seconds ", "i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting ", "'s one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . ", "just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart ", "would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out ", "kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ", "someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia ", "an encouraging new direction for la salle ", "other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time ", "high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . ", "break free of her old life ", "most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment ", "the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . ", "the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ", "some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . ", "detract from the athleticism ", "as hilariously raunchy as south park ", "preaching message ", "stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "( jackson and bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . ", "you 're in luck . ", "leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion ", "be captivated , ", "terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . ", "the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor ", "its rather slow beginning ", "of nijinsky ", "an unencouraging threefold expansion ", "it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , ", "gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other ", "worthy and ", "ridiculousness ", "ghetto ", "to infamy ", "prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny ", "gentle and humane ", "cheesy fun factor ", "sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . ", "of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day ", ", enveloping affection ", "takes care ", "to be clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time ", "uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds ", "fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . ", "conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice ", "an intriguing story ", "a visionary marvel , ", "loathe him ", "set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine ", "live together ", "with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . ", ", but fun . ", "very , very good ", "peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , ", "at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . ", "while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . ", "to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film ", "were that grand a failure ", "absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound ", "critic-proof ", "rather cold-blooded comedy ", "ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . ", "rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love ", "wondrous love story ", "the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . ", "laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . ", "always entertaining , and ", "certainly hard to hate ", "have made vittorio de sica proud ", "dumb gags , ", "a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . ", "an insane comic undertaking ", "baked ", "devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . ", "stalking ", "that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it ", "in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor ", "'s a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "confined ", "nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . ", "a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . ", "that is wickedly fun to watch ", "his film crackles ", "more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer ", "out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos ", "the highest power ", "the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . ", "personal velocity ", "victim to sloppy plotting , ", "merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . ", "completely serviceable and quickly forgettable ", "graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . ", "an admirably dark first script by brent hanley ", "thinking man ", "sulky teen drama and ", "glides gracefully from male persona to female ", "personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral ", ", this nervy oddity , like modern art should . ", "is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! ", "listless and desultory ", "dead-end existence ", "farcical and loathsome ", "takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . ", "prevents ", "told a nice little story in the process ", "that pours into every frame ", "maintaining a light touch ", "'s a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship ", "the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance . ", "condescending ", "is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . ", "will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . ", "a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story ", "to waste their time ", "have finally aged past his prime ... and , ", "imaginative as one might have hoped ", "watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama ", "do all three quite well , ", "that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , ", "drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "did n't sell many records but ", "a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner ", "seen it all before in one form or another ", "takes a really long , slow and dreary time ", "loved the people onscreen ", "about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery ", "a perceptive , good-natured movie ", "great material ", "is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . ", "preferable ", "as hilarious ", "it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . ", "is attractive ", "sounds like horrible poetry ", "been there , done that , ", "complexities ", "has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . ", "by its art and heart ", "a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh ", ", you barely realize your mind is being blown . ", "high water mark ", "why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "bits funnier ", "robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills ", ", flawed humanity ", "is to be cherished ", ", you 're on the edge of your seat ", "misses ", "is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , ", "often surprising twists ", "perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ", "... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . ", "the script 's endless assault ", "with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . ", "is hartley 's least accessible screed yet ", "a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling ", ", one the public rarely sees . ", "would know what to make of this italian freakshow . ", "exhilarating place ", "time frame right ", "the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit ", "are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . ", "a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch ", "dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances ", "so spot on ", "stiff , ponderous and charmless ", "a kind of hard , cold effect ", "has enough moments to keep it entertaining ", "loses all ", "... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? ", "outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines ", "captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other ", "a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense ", ", entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment ", "into an a-list director ", "also nicely done ", "settles too easily ", "it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but ", "two fine actors , morgan freeman ", "after a while ", "seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ", "a vision both painterly and literary ", "that assumes you are n't very bright ", "is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . ", "knows everything and answers all questions ", "uncertainties ", "rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis ", "meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . ", "void ", "a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion ", "movie love ", "a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . ", "placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers ", "suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer ", "choppy , surface-effect feeling ", "never catches fire ", "largely devoid ", "never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . ", "satisfyingly scarifying , ", "the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . ", "become a spielberg trademark ", "highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie ", "is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . ", "a wonderous accomplishment ", "... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . ", "that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus ", "hell-jaunt purists ", "toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ", "though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough ", "be occupied for 72 minutes ", "only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "the crisp clarity of a fall dawn ", "a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design ", "an interesting slice ", "lacks depth . ", "to check this one out ", "deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . ", "'s a lousy one at that ", "has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society ", "it was written for no one ", "of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults ", "accomplish what few sequels can ", "daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . ", "bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality ", "kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . ", "feel like it 's wasted yours ", "crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book ", "the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season ", "'s just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten ", "is a movie that understands characters must come first ", "'s most substantial feature for some time ", "a straight-ahead thriller ", "go see this delightful comedy . ", "a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing ", "like a true star ", "some effecting moments ", "this is n't exactly profound cinema , ", "some of the most inventive ", "partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success ", "her confidence in her material is merited ", "the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ", "producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' ", "a moral ", "too loud , ", "no wit , only labored gags ", "goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "more playful tone ", "love in remembrance . ", "is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . ", "better entertainment ", "whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau ", "more than it does cathartic truth telling ", "do well to check this one out ", "cleaner , and deeper ", "one that was hard for me to warm up to ", "this slight premise ", "to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . ", "cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . ", "the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . ", "since its poignancy hooks us completely ", "poorly written , murky and weakly acted ", "of disconnection ", "to hate ", "its uncanny tale ", "consistently amusing but ", "works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life ", "skillfully ", "hold dear about cinema ", "thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes ", "poorly-constructed ", "there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but ", "going where no man has gone before ", "a purposefully reductive movie ", "with sensitivity and skill ", "articulates ", "had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain ", "should scare any sane person away ", "own most damning censure ", "a waste ", "the most affecting depictions of a love affair ", "it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . ", "slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze ", "plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . ", "ago ", "despite its sincere acting ", "suitably anonymous chiller ", "the jokes , most at women 's expense ", "through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause ", "flashes of mordant humor ", "that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "giggling ", "must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . ", "mildly amusing ", "sensitive ensemble performances ", "unrelentingly grim ", "screen with considerable appeal ", "digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations ", "powerful people ", "talky ", "earnest emotional core ", "feel realistic ", "downright comically evil ", "both innocent and jaded ", "'ll like it ", "` wow ' factor ", ", `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . ", "collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . ", "that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison ", "entertain ", "be moved by this drama ", "'s that good . ", "full , chilling advantage ", "remarkably alluring ", "banal dialogue ", "but its just not a thrilling movie ", "was as superficial ", "this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ", "stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise ", "with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart ", "his martial artistry ", "made on the cheap ", "it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . ", "the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . ", "a silly hack-and-slash flick ", "a knowing ", "pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter ", "punctuated by sudden shocks ", "a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but ", "historically significant , and ", "there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy ", "sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , ", "cinematic poem ", "presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale ", "unimaginative and ", "are pretty valuable ", "full of cheesy dialogue , ", "as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "lacks the utter authority of a genre gem ", "the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . ", "dramatic nor ", "is a depressing experience ", "is long on ", "the movie looks genuinely pretty . ", "rarely , a movie is more than a movie . ", "definitely funny stuff , ", "a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness ", "by sending the audience straight to hell ", "more chillingly effective ", "laughter and self-exploitation ", "was a guilty pleasure ", "... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . ", "the phenomenal , water-born cinematography ", "gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done ", "davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take ", "you enough to feel good about ", "for the playlist ", "hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . ", "apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "is the stuff that disney movies are made of ", "to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance ", "the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a souffl\u00e9 gone wrong . ", "intense experience ", "too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ", "gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . ", "a rip-off ", "well-mounted ", "subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements ", "be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ", "get out your pooper-scoopers ", "which awards animals the respect they ", "hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 ", "to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "funniest and ", "of teen-speak and animal gibberish ", "double-barreled rip-off ", "pulpy concept ", "admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics ", "marred beyond redemption ", "both heartbreaking ", "though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem ", "tastelessness and gall ", "opulent ", "pokes , provokes , ", "the formula feel fresh ", "if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor ", "the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest ", "indie tatters and self-conscious seams ", "his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "the best korean film of 2002 ", "this is cinema ", "does her best ", "the book 's irreverent energy , ", "a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and ", "find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop ", "consider a dvd rental instead ", "i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless ", "a new treasure ", "a nightmare ", "has it beat by a country mile ", "makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . ", "disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ", "gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks ", "succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . ", ", i 'd say the film works ", "shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary ", "frida with a visual style unique and inherent ", "irritates and saddens ", "that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs ", "overbearing and over-the-top ", "the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , ", "ingratiating ", "a tribute to the power of women to heal ", "the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past ", "bask in your own cleverness ", "fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . ", "the leanest and meanest ", "the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers ", "it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story ", "sets out to entertain ", "skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . ", "undeniably hard ", "been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional ", ", it 's not half-bad . ", "though occasionally fun enough to make you ", "but still quite tasty and inviting all the same ", "soulless techno-tripe . ", "even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage . ", "at times , it actually hurts to watch . ", "droning house music ", "to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . ", "yet another tired old vision ", "a sleek advert for youthful anomie ", "an articulate , grown-up voice ", "is oscar-worthy ", "glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . ", "a pleasant piece ", "his strongest performance since the doors ", "one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . ", "old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . ", ", it 's black hawk down with more heart . ", "tidal ", "the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . ", "a pretty good job ", "good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . ", "the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast ", "a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 ", "an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people ", "boisterous , heartfelt comedy . ", "be disappointed ", "admit that i am baffled by jason x. ", "is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise ", "is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be ", "director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy ", "i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further ", ", is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . ", "'s a very sincere work ", "trudge out of the theater feeling ", "formulaic and forgettable ", "rouses us ", "sam mendes ", ", featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . ", "the plot is nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "affectionately ", "does n't have much to say beyond the news ", "nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ", "it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . ", "feels limited by its short running time ", "video-cam footage ", "is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ", "romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks ", "on and on to the point of nausea ", "howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but ", "is prime escapist fare ", "the shadowy lighting ", "has done excellent work here . ", "that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low ", "painful and ", "desperation ", "the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . ", "self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . ", "this distinguished actor ", "rude ", "'s the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ", "transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . ", "its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen ", "of intoxicating atmosphere and little else ", "comic barbs ", "quite vapid ", "much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . ", ", time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . ", "does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . ", "like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish ", "is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . ", "even if it made its original release date last fall ", "endeavors ", "the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and ", "the guy-in-a-dress genre ", "fierce , glaring and unforgettable . ", "was painful ", "wholesome fantasy ", "in a fresh way ", "unadulterated thrills ", "from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer ", "it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and ", ", superficiality and silliness ", "never becomes claustrophobic ", "troubling and powerful . ", "explores the awful complications of one terrifying day ", "of a legal thriller ", "it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . ", "was chuckling at all the wrong times ", "grow boring ", "cheap junk ", "the gorgeous piano ", "of the best next generation episodes ", "urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "the variety of tones in spielberg 's work ", "go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance ", "little less bling-bling and a lot more ", "are for children and dog lovers ", "can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities ", "this stinker ", "by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . ", "loosely tied series ", "degrading and ", "this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? ' ", "more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . ", "that strikes a very resonant chord ", "recommend `` ", "the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . ", "a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . ", "in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ", "a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack ", "a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking ", "fails . ", "profoundly stupid affair ", "a breadth of vision ", "gets you riled up ", "the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . ", "both gripping and compelling ", "cuteness ", "rooting for the monsters in a horror movie ", "of a river of sadness that pours into every frame ", "is little else to recommend `` never again ", ", then by all means check it out . ", "'s old-fashioned in all the best possible ways ", "the talented cast ", "is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ", "faithful ", "even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "the most practiced curmudgeon ", "it is a whole lot of fun ", "sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons ", "this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country ", "bristles with passion and energy ", "no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . ", "an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , ", "squander jennifer love hewitt ", "more confused , ", "what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . ", "sneaks up on the viewer ", "from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast ", "a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . ", "the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . ", "is a lot more bluster than bite ", "franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic ", "lead actress andie macdowell ", "of its marks ", "it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare ", "as pure over-the-top trash ", "a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans ", "have all but ruined his career ", "an incredibly layered and stylistic film ", "distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine ", "younger lad ", "engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched ", "will likely be nominated for an oscar next year ", "love it , too . ", "steals the show ", "eight crazy nights is a total misfire . ", "that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women ", "fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines ", "turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy ", "the filmmakers ' eye for detail ", "poky ", "have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking ", "agony ", "only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny ", "ca n't act ", "masterful british actor ian holm ", "its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who ", "wondrously ", "despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . ", "an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . ", "it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ", "short-story quaint ", "the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout ", "is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs ", "be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows ", "to bowling you over ", "the art direction is often exquisite ", "a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist ", "films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . ", "gross-out humor ", "undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ", "member ", "williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . ", "each watered down the version of the one before ", "sometimes is a brilliant movie . ", "may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence ", "the annoyance of that chatty fish ", "flat ", "the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth ", "enthusiasm , ", "done before but never so vividly ", "cliched and clunky ", "the movie 's wildly careening tone ", "'s really sad ", "several survivors , ", "oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . ", "motivated ", "could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? ", "its visual appeal ", "have carved their own comfortable niche in the world ", "some good , organic character work ", "colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... ", "keep upping the ante on each other , ", "awkward ", "'re treading water at best in this forgettable effort ", "does n't transcend genre ", "a load of good ", "is wise ", "poorly executed comedy . ", "such fresh territory ", "remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks ", "the john wayne classics ", "while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller ", "is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "adding the rich details and ", "the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes ", "good performances ", "like a promising work-in-progress ", "what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . ", "there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ", "the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover ", "it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "seem genuine rather than pandering ", "pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . ", "if you find comfort in familiarity ", "with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future ", "a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization ", "to duck the very issues it raises ", "life-altering ", "might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . ", "much more than ", "this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . ", "shtick ", "eccentric and good-naturedly ", "glib ", "( breheny 's ) lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . ", "interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective ", "a bittersweet contemporary comedy ", "sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special ", "damned funny ", "terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . ", "'s an excellent 90-minute film here ", "wide-awake all the way through ", "frantic ", "the brave , uninhibited performances ", "swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . ", "as good ", "showtime 's uninspired send-up ", "wondrously creative ", "will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . ", "enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary ", "much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . ", "that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen ", "appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", ", human moments ", "give `` scratch '' a second look ", "of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen ", "a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing ", "an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation ", "refreshes the mind and spirit ", "short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil ", "you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars ", "there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . ", "works well enough to make it worth watching ", ", metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . ", "'s difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . ", "street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", ", blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "with imagination ", "a wonderful , imaginative script ", "dubious human being ", "you turn stupid ", "this seductive tease ", "a testament to the film 's considerable charm ", "family-friendly comedy ", "the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it ", "living hell ", "our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . ", "a visually masterful work ", "succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . ", "s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . ", "by which time it 's impossible to care who wins ", "let this morph into a typical romantic triangle ", "that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience ", "genuinely unnerving ", "in its crapulence ", "marking the slow , lingering death of imagination ", "alive ", "slickly staged ", ", entertaining thriller ", "would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . ", "that may not always work ", "tired one ", "not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see . ", "artificial suspense ", "seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof ", "got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 ", "from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "poetic force and ", "true believer ", "features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . ", "this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . ", "succeeded only in making me groggy . ", "aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value ", "for all of us ", "hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . ", "made him a truly larger-than-life character ", "some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier ", "becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary ", "loss and denial ", "has about 25 minutes of decent material . ", "things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk ", "failed jokes ", "of hell ", ", compelling ", "leave a lasting impression ", "has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made ", "as two-day old porridge ", "the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas ", ", generous and subversive artworks ", "thrown every suspenseful clich\u00e9 in the book ", "and mordantly humorous ", "professional ", ", his secret life will leave you thinking ", "no-nonsense authority ", "unstable ", "tolerance and diversity ", "good-time shenanigans ", "hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , ", "you forget you 've been to the movies . ", "trouble every day is a plodding mess . ", "high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky ", ", provocative ", "made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire ", "intermittently hilarious ", "rich with period minutiae ", "a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults ", "is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace ", "a solid and refined piece of moviemaking ", "worth the effort ", "guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . ", "flick that scalds like acid . ", "pitch-perfect holden ", "has merit ", "carvey 's considerable talents ", "grim future ", "'s so bad ", "may marginally enjoy the film ", "allusions ", "harps on media-constructed ` issues ' ", "terrible , banal dialogue ; ", "of a paranoid and unlikable man ", "luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ", "warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it ", "... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . ", "the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . ", "of inspired humor ", "hey , happy ! ", "the somber pacing and lack ", "less a movie ", "slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . ", "get back to your car in the parking lot ", "will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . ", "the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over ", "technically sumptuous but ", "their own comfortable niche ", "laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "everyone , especially movie musical fans ", "of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream ", "are sweet and believable , ", "raw comic energy ", "a seriously intended movie ", "it 's an entertaining movie , and ", ", ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . ", "believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects ", "is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! ", "weird ", "for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . ", "banged their brains into the ground ", "we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society ", "and satirical touches ", "sullivan and his son ", "a romantic comedy ", "asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in ", "a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . ", "contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . ", "disingenuous , ", "as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters ", "lost the ability to think ", "it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve ", "needs more impressionistic ", "the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed ", "pay money for what we can get on television for free ", "mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . ", "hopeless ", "a crowd-pleaser , but then , ", "this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . ", "oscar winners ", "posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse ", "is not ", "beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... ", "the huskies are beautiful ", "the enduring strengths ", "would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art ", "will capture the minds and hearts of many ", "is not first-rate ", "something awfully deadly ", "hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit ", "in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . ", "a tasty masala . ", ", 84 minutes is short ", "bile , and irony ", "much funnier film ", "acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ", "interminable , shapeless documentary ", "their own rhythm ", "the pitch-perfect forster ", "return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing ", "anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels ", "if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . ", "of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ", "suffer the same fate ", "lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency ", "a fun ride . ", "nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one ", "romp pile ", "are very , very good reasons for certain movies ", "as much fun ", "self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . ", "without overdoing it ", "unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke ", "have a radar for juicy roles ", "the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and ", "looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments ", "the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . ", "the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine ", "scant place ", "even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation ", "when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . ", "as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief ", "a climactic hero 's ", "its paint fights , motorized scooter chases ", "a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically ", "laughs aplenty ", "were convinced to waste their time ", "the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving ", "less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . ", "the edge of your seat ", "the best script that besson has written in years ", "is intelligently ", "'s as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy ", "extends to his supple understanding of the role ", "just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole ", "its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily ", "only masochistic moviegoers need apply . ", "to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable ", "fairly enjoyable mixture ", "to lead a group of talented friends astray ", "a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . ", "despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . ", "disastrous ending ", ", meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "the simpering soundtrack and editing more so ", "fascinates ", "unlikable characters and ", "near-masterpiece . ", "wrong with that ", "has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ", "horrified ", "the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ", "is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb ", "full of sex , drugs and rock ", "sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama ", "manages sweetness ", "some nice twists ", "is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut ", "that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . ", "that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem ", ", irrational , long-suffering but cruel ", "be a single iota worse ", "of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version ", "it 's hard not to be carried away ", "star performances ", "he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "playful but highly studied and ", "a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ", "find little new ", "deserves a chance to shine ", "which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill ", "elevated by it -- the kind of movie ", "as imperious ", "godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . ", "wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . ", "been all but decommissioned ", "for bathroom breaks ", "trying to have it both ways ", "is that it goes nowhere ", "overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama ", "just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . ", "the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . ", "saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . ", "a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and ", "radical action ", "masterfully calibrated psychological thriller ", "plastered with one hollywood cliche ", "the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", ", eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . ", "has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics ", "a pointless , meandering celebration ", "wins still ", "the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' . ", "scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics ", "sequel-for-the-sake ", "amazing film work ", ", thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . ", "has made its way into your very bloodstream ", "zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , ", "informative , intriguing , observant ", "i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and ", "the most highly-praised disappointments i ", "if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm ", "the stories are quietly moving . ", "flopped as surely as a souffl\u00e9 gone wrong ", "one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ", "too burdened by the actor ", "a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale ", "all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . ", "often food-spittingly ", "to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ", "riveted to our seats ", "diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master ", "trade center tragedy ", "dreadful day ", "find a ` literary ' filmmaking style ", "gore for suspense ", "acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him ", "very predictable but still entertaining ", "predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol ", "does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ", "symbolic graphic design ", "a change in expression ", "a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness ", "loopy ", "meandering , low on energy , and ", "overcooked , ham-fisted direction ", "monster/science fiction flicks ", "manages sweetness largely without stickiness . ", "victorious revolutionaries ", "a smile on your face ", "bluster and clich\u00e9 ", "thought was going to be really awful ", "by drawing me into the picture ", "truly distinctive ", "quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer ", "who understands how to create and sustain a mood ", "the extreme generation ' ", "how the movie could be released in this condition ", "a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions ", "the crap ", "has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short ", "of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies ", "a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle ", "great character ", "slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . ", "pallid horror ", "this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . ", "they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book . ", "to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon ", "jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . ", "created a brilliant motion picture ", "look so bad in a major movie ", "of strictly a-list players ", "'s rare ", "is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . ", ", it 'll only put you to sleep . ", "a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . ", "more simply intrusive to the story ", "laugh their *** off ", "nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear ", "halfwit ", "through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "keep you wide awake and ... very tense ", "falls down ", "the exploitative ", "impressed ", "in a summer of clones ", "a hollywood film ", "parents beware ", "fascinating , bombshell documentary ", "the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . ", "'m sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ", "being simpleminded ", "clumsy and ", "sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . ", "which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable ", "the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . ", "famed ", "gore for suspense . ", "seen or heard anything quite like this film ", "wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance ", "are really going to love the piano teacher . ", "captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . '' ", "of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh ", "can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . ", "the guys still feels counterproductive ", "despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . ", "wrong reasons ", "arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . ", "somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . ", ", it already has one strike against it . ", "some of the funniest jokes of any movie ", "being bored ", "if you can push on through the slow spots ", "moodiness ", "put up with 146 minutes of it ", "confusing on one level or another ", "a solidly entertaining ", "daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty ", "mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty ", "poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue ", "astronomically bad ", "deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ", "so much to look ", "the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot ", "kind of special ", "walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like ", "is a must for genre fans ", "fully engaged supporting cast ", "first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' ", "less a documentary and more propaganda ", "compelling ", "you 'll cry for your money back . ", "know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . ", "if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie . ", "seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . ", "his imagination so vivid ", "( ", "this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "cheapo ", "this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . ", "a disappointingly thin slice ", "than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "did we really need a remake of `` charade ", "and poorly-constructed comedy ", "is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries ", "though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but ", "playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant ", "buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role ", "all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , ", "its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies ", "hollywood magic ", "powerful 1957 drama ", "'s as good as you remember ", "it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . ", "an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , ", "the sexy razzle-dazzle ", "chatty fish ", "is insipid ", "inspirational love story ", "how ridiculous and money-oriented ", "of passion , grief and fear ", "'s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . ", "implausible ", "extra points ", "look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction ", "the picture in some evocative shades ", "so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a bu\u00f1uel retrospective ", "that rare family movie ", "attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . ", "is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew ", "this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . ", "get lost in the murk of its own making ", "just about the best straight-up ", "that final , beautiful scene ", "doing battle ", "be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness ", "skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ", "responsible for this illuminating comedy ", "life in the performances ", "furious ", "empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun ", "dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "its love ", "take me back to a time ", "as the treat of the title ", "a talky bore ", "go-for-broke ", "worthwhile addition ", "has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "just plain bad . ", "we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . ", ", should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? ", "the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . ", "best and most ", "emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds ", "i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered ", "is one baaaaaaaaad movie ", "create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . ", "a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . ", "the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do . ", "just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . ", "most intense ", "entirely stale ", "annoying , heavy-handed ", "powerful ", "its courage , ", "birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism ", "recycled plot ", "simpler , leaner ", "is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . ", "of the intelligent , well-made b movie ", "but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish ", "into how long is this movie ? ", "terminally brain dead production . ", "comfortable ", "carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . ", "one of the more influential works ", "should be tried as a war criminal ", "usually dread encountering the most ", "an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . ", "should have been made for the tube ", "cinematic fluidity and sense ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ", "while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . ", "purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something ", "strip it of all its excess debris , ", "sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater ", "of a respectable summer blockbuster ", "very inspiring or insightful ", "be low , very low , very very low , ", "it is flawed ", "this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . ", "devotees ", "finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort ", "of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio ", "is a visual treat for all audiences ", "two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd ", "its considerable power ", "it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but ", "puzzle his most ardent fans ", "a just a waste ", "bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "fall 's ", "simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . ", "quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout ", "it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' ", "miscalculation ", "a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , ", "with memorable zingers ", "charming , funny and beautifully ", "an all-around good time at the movies ", "enervating ", "takes advantage of the fact ", "sharp and quick ", "sets a new benchmark for lameness ", "in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . ", "has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism ", "clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music ", "about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth ", "a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . ", "your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! ", "plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! ", "the biggest disappointments ", "fairly uneventful ", "who 's being conned right up to the finale ", "to be oblivious to the existence of this film ", "the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . ", "familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same ", "a great story ", "'s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . ", "a filmmaker of impressive talent ", "a deceptively casual ode ", "gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels ", "rated eee for excitement . ", "ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon ", "does pack some serious suspense . ", "so much like a young robert deniro ", "imperfect ", "disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... ", "reach much further than we imagine . ", "is a new treasure of the hermitage . ", "watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ", "unemployment ", "and it is n't that funny ", "sham actor workshops and an affected malaise ", "so low in a poorly ", "good deal ", "it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . ", "more than she can handle ", "it 's far tamer than advertised ", "gets the look and the period trappings right ", "to much more than trite observations on the human condition ", "whipping ", "have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face ", "real film ", "both exuberantly ", "easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . ", "group articulates a flood of emotion . ", "... is at 22 a powerful young actor . ", "gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . ", "to blue hilarity ", "spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together ", "families and church meetings ", "imagination ", "a powerful and telling story that examines ", "watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises ", "that trademark grin ", "achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . ", "waters it down ", "gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . ", "makes an amazing breakthrough ", "it is n't merely offensive ", "this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . ", "one-dimensional ", "try and evade ", "badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . ", "lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . ", "the familiar topic of office politics ", "you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . ", "is n't going to jell ", "another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . ", "it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness ", "the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen ", "whole lot scarier ", ", this dumas adaptation entertains ", "simplistic story ", "family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . ", "ambitious failure ", "a moving experience for people who have n't read the book ", "speeds up ", "will ever be anything more than losers ", "judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . ", "has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... ", "do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "off the hook ", "contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . ", "`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . ", "distinguished and thoughtful film ", "trademark misogyny ", "require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ", "director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard ", "the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . ", "ominous mood and tension ", "the shining , the thing , ", "zinger-filled ", "good to be bad ", "actually amusing ", "the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing ", ", the production works more often than it does n't . ", "add up to more than body count ", "have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . ", "deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell ", "into rambling incoherence ", "add much-needed levity ", "the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting ", "often funny way ", "visual clarity and deeply ", "in which the talent is undeniable ", "fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd ", "the result , however well-intentioned , ", "makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . ", "an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals ", "its elbows sticking out where the knees should be ", "dialogue and sharp ", "great crimes ", "'s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle ", "polished ", "sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . ", "tosca 's intoxicating ardor ", "manages to string together enough charming moments to work . ", "immature and ", "that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor ", "means check it out . ", "stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage ", "'s quite an achievement ", "may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream ", "a cohesive story ", "its visual merits ", "assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel . ", "while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up ", "raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . ", "of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy ", "a natural sense for what works ", "funny little movie ", "of boring talking heads , etc . ", "a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . ", "remarkably dull with only caine ", "are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . ", "every indulgent , indie trick in the book ", "the picture 's fascinating byways ", "crisp framing ", "a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies ", "delivered with such conviction ", "could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . ", "dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot ", "steals so freely from other movies ", "neglects ", "sprung to life ", "with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability ", "encumbers itself ", "mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis ", "trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and ", "soap opera that tornatore was right to cut ", "awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ", "a convolution of language that suggests it ", "drowned me in boredom . ", "just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style ", "cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials ", "childhood innocence ", "his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ", "in white 's intermittently wise script ", "those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere . ", "far-flung , ", "a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents ", "fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . ", "brilliant and ", "the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes ", "its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . ", "just lapses into unhidden british ", "achingly honest ", "were wonderful ", "seem tired ", "is a director to watch . ", "cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon ", "a straight face ", "upping the ante ", "distinguish one sci-fi work from another ", "the compassion , good-natured humor and ", "can comfortably hold ", "all your mateys , ", "little alien ", "talented people ", "fast-edit , hopped-up fashion ", "the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . ", "muting ", "commander-in-chief ", ", you 're too interested to care . ", "chilling , unnerving film ", "that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power ", "pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over ", "writings to perform ", "spectacle and ", "romanticized rendering ", "a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . ", "transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies ", "stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "some fairly unsettling scenes ", "flailing around ", "maudlin and cliche-ridden ", "together with efficiency and an affection for the period ", "alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors . ", "derive from this choppy and sloppy affair ", "masters of both ", "begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . ", "those crass , contrived sequels ", "in fact , even better . ", "because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet ", "allegedly inspiring and ", "art film ", "this girl deserves a sequel ", "remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . ", "very moving and revelatory footnote ", "captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . ", "is small and shriveled ", "dying and going ", "much interest ", "gloom ", "troubling ", "it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . ", "gutsy and perfectly ", ", unimaginative and derivative ", "it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding ", "be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi ", "make a delightful comedy centering on food ", "is a mess from start to finish ", "a brutal and funny work . ", "thought-provoking and ", "to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation ", "fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) ", "takes its central idea way too seriously ", "the movie 's set ", "with her small , intelligent eyes ", "after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be ", "buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ", "the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal ", "familiar -- and not in a good way ", "a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . ", "unfulfilled ", "coherent rhythm ", "so cold and dead ", "a gorgeous film ", "more like the pilot episode of a tv series ", "master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . ", "of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating ", "it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "this modern mob music drama ", "painful and refreshing ", "kind , unapologetic , sweetheart ", "a grand picture of an era ", "as funny ", "as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort ", "is a monumental achievement ", "deathly ", "cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity ", "going at a rapid pace , ", "cold blanket ", "viewers out in the cold and ", "by working girl scribe kevin wade ", "an epic of astonishing grandeur ", "certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike ", "some of the computer animation is handsome , and ", "came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter ", "too predictable and ", "an impeccable sense ", "a wonderful tale of love and destiny ", "creativity ", "aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . ", "the timeless spectacle of people ", "the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense ", "kids , spirit ", "fondness ", "negative ", "particularly joyless , ", "'s kinda dumb . ", "to lend some dignity to a dumb story ", "a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . ", "an oddly winning portrayal of one ", "the unfulfilling , incongruous ", "hard ground ", "unimaginative comedian ", "comfort in familiarity ", "an unsettling sight ", "the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot . ", "that works on any number of levels ", "stevens ' vibrant creative instincts ", "gets around to its real emotional business , ", "worth your time ", "to look at , listen to , and think about ", "offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject ", "lead actress ga\u00ef , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . ", "aging series ", "not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . ", "cruelty and suffering ", "is n't very good ", "are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks ", "works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller ", "this region and ", "minor-league soccer remake ", "the flowering of the south korean cinema ", "the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . ", "manage to hit all of its marks ", "going to make his debut as a film director ", "as a director , eastwood is off his game -- ", "the story has some nice twists but the ending and ", "it won -- and wins still ", "but still entertaining ", "an inferior level ", "the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true ", "impersonal and abstract ", "indoctrinated prejudice ", "a legacy ", "may be as history ", "if disingenuous , ", "a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release ", ", and unforgettable characters ", "hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications . ", "one of the world 's most fascinating stories ", "'s definitely a step in the right direction ", "rather thin ", "remotely topical or sexy ", "offensive , puerile ", "but i had a lot of problems with this movie . ", "pathetic idea ", "inactive ", "director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . ", "is greatness here ", "portrayals ", "some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . ", "a bad movie ", "a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery ", "has usually ", "good fun ", "deserve better . ", "exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... ", "was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ", "as overbearing and over-the-top as the family ", "are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ", "cardiac arrest ", "is n't heated properly , so that it ends up ", "satire lucky break ", "that avoids the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type ", "bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time ", "true emotions ", "searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say ", "kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk ", "at existing photos ", "is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery ", "arcane area ", "like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . ", "are infectious ", "you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ' ", "enough to feel good about ", "are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude ", "it 's a movie that gets under your skin . ", "exceptional performances ", "grow impatient ", "over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense ", "unfairly ", "santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard ", "a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait ", "a conventional but heartwarming tale . ", "the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure ", "has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . ", "something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers ", "with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy ", "strong themes of familial ties ", "one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . ", "does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong ", "is definitely a cut above the rest . ", "the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . ", "it feels like a glossy rehash . ", "pretentious . ", "that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale ", "john hughes comedy ", "'ll find in this dreary mess ", "to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion ", "become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", ", sweet and romantic ", "this pretentious mess ", "resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors ", ", mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . ", "delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans ", "- hour , dissipated length . ", "at 90 minutes this movie is short ", "sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , ", "throwing up his hands in surrender ", "summer fluff ", "a love story as sanguine ", "a cinematic fluidity and sense ", "the hook ", "a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . ", "a holy fool ", "the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . ", "the best inside-show-biz ", "be much funnier than anything in the film ", "mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time ", "demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken ", "is more interesting ( and funnier ) ", "a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension ", "its cheesy screenplay ", "the only reason ", "most of the characters forget their lines ", "diverse ", "might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants ", ", and room noise ", "hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . ", "distracting ", "keenest pleasures ", "comfort and familiarity ", "and it is . ", "you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . ", "at the expense of character ", "in a big way ", "how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm ", "'ve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots ", "of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics ", "average bond ", "unique , well-crafted psychological study ", "deeply humanistic ", "numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . ", "dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks ", "disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision ", "the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ", "have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again ", "ambitious films ", "strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth ", "lacks dramatic punch and depth . ", "smart-aleck ", "may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations ", "filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran ", "with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing ", "odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic ", "the real-life story is genuinely inspirational ", "is appealing . ", "into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek ", "the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , ", "much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ... ", "a kingdom ", "shows moments of promise but ", "be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ", "perfected ", "does dickens as it should be done cinematically ", "its luckiest viewers ", "she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", "there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment ", "clever exercise ", "never rises to its clever what-if concept . ", "greatest mistake ", "all the stomach-turning violence ", "succeeds . ", "providing some good old fashioned spooks ", "the scariest guy ", "( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it . ", "felt fantasy of a director 's travel ", "like a skillful fisher ", "fails ", "gives an intriguing twist ", "this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , ", "some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen ", "anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . ", "most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version ", "a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news ", ", told well by a master storyteller ", "never thought i 'd say this ", "which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing ", "just zings along with vibrance and warmth . ", "grandly ", "the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality ", "it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . ", "fare , with enough ", "to be grandiloquent ", "unsentimental ", "very pleasing at its best moments ", "gorgeous and deceptively minimalist ", "the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , ", "slapstick ", "disguised as a feature film ", "even more ludicrous ", "interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . ", "shine ", "tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment ", "imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor ", "are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ", "resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this ", "you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride ", "is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . ", "has its moments -- and almost as many subplots ", "calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew ", "can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ", "the concert footage is stirring ", "the great films about movie love ", "a film that has nothing ", ", sophisticated film ", "boiled hollywood argot ", "nearly as fresh or enjoyable ", "has never made anything that was n't at least watchable ", "a distinguished film legacy ", "on all cylinders ", "anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold ", "of a growing strain of daring films ", "captivating and ", "it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab ", "works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride ", "you wo n't be disappointed ", "fresh , entertaining comedy ", "are anguished , bitter and truthful ", "by lousy direction ", "its own cuteness ", "a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode . ", "wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . ", "sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often ", "darkly funny and frequently insightful . ", "pure hollywood ", "a beautiful , aching sadness ", "like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy ", "a terrible movie ", "it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill ", "resist his pleas ", "engrossing story ", "the end result does no justice to the story itself ", "of its epic scope ", "limply ", "even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . ", "is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . ", ", the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . ", "whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . ", "is instructive ", "did the screenwriters just ", "buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block . ", "i was expecting ", "its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "markedly inactive ", "thoroughly formulaic film ", "the movie has no idea of it is serious ", "escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real ", "the superficial tensions ", "dramatic arc ", "tolerable-to-adults ", "see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "a stirring , funny ", "spot-on ", "enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ", "unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . ", "where their heads were is anyone 's guess . ", "a mess from start to finish ", "a lasting impression ", "to enter and accept another world ", "we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire ", "like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . ", "'s not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? ", "in its characters ' frustrations ", "most daring , ", "can take credit for most of the movie 's success . ", "the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen ", "nothing else to watch ", "unfortunately , it runs for 170 ", "it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started ", "no pastry is violated ", "for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , ", "opens today in the new york metropolitan area ", "the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ", "evans ' career ", "too erotic nor ", "sleep-inducing thriller ", "not exaggerated enough ", "liked it just enough ", "loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves ", "work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent ", "k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . ", "drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . ", ", like its title character , is repellantly out of control . ", "thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . ", "you feel good , ", "that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare ", "sour taste ", "a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message ", "documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity ", "the field no favors ", "unusually tame ", "shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film ", "when one has nothing else to watch ", "makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard ", "the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped ", "kiddie entertainment , ", "funny situations and ", ", cliche-ridden ", "of you-are-there immediacy ", "new benchmark ", "an adorably whimsical comedy ", "energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . ", "a serious contender for the title ", "triteness ", "full of the kind of energy it 's documenting ", "make for great cinema ", "p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and ", "climax and , worst of all ", "the mediocre end ", "nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , ", "the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat ", "as they do in this marvelous film ", "of riveting set pieces ", ", the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . ", "gifted ", "is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . ", "can usually be traced back to the little things ", "to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies ", "a vivid ", "of entertainment that parents love to have their kids ", "single-minded as john carpenter 's original ", "trailer-trash style . ", "truly awful and ", "very shapable but largely unfulfilling ", "as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery ", "come to life ", "sheer joy and pride ", ", the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . ", "deeply unsettling experience ", "a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer ", "the sick sense ", "family dynamics ", "a whole heap ", "in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition ", "mostly believable ", "your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . ", "carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it ", "rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ", "quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to ", "it is entertaining on an inferior level . ", ", marvelously twisted shapes history ", "all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . ", "does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection ", "written , flatly , by david kendall and ", "any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought ", "a peculiar malaise that renders its tension ", "that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "really awful ", "peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note ", "original hit movie ", "a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief ", "dramatic impact ", "a satisfying evening ", "less enjoyable ", "more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . ", "gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game ", "as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . ", "uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion ", "he 's well worth spending some time with ", "a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , ", "avoids the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type ", "a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical ", "it 's all bluster and clich\u00e9 ", "have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen ", "too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins ", "a profoundly stupid affair ", "the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you ", "brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman ", "phoney-feeling sentiment ", "` red shoe diaries ", "typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine ", "her fearlessness ", "in its own direction ", "'s work as well as a remarkably faithful one . ", "a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . ", "new inspiration in it ", ", marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . ", "of no erotic or sensuous charge ", "this rich ", "the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . ", "danish cows ", "the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . ", "dreamed up ", ", subtlety has never been his trademark ", "reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . ", "festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . ", "what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . ", "the crisp clarity ", "arrive early ", "`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws ", "suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "that rarity among sequels ", "to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries ", "is wrong in its sequel . ", "appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work ", "it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera ", "thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations ", "it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , ", "have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and ", "show to steal ", "an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race ", "an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ", "had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded ", "by writer-director kurt wimmer ", "to laugh , groan and hiss ", "gives human nature its unique feel ", "it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller ", "easily ", "outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today ", "a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode ", "his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence ", "overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . ", "into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality ", "rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting ", "enthusiasm ", "an eventual cult classic ", "will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ", "by the sketchiest of captions ", "there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "the film 's predictable denouement ", "the best ", "useless movie ", "would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further ", "bogs down in insignificance ", "'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . ", "the town has kind of an authentic feel , but ", "this an eminently engrossing film ", "take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis ", "suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer ", "'m afraid . ", "is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america ", "recycled more times ", "fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "does not live up to its style ", "stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal ", "her grace with a moving camera ", "as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . ", "permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed ", "grows thin ", "rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . ", "patchy combination ", "all-time low ", "... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . ", "of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas ", "powerful and deeply moving ", "that there 's nothing resembling a spine here ", "point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover ", "although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . ", "broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . ", "fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well ", "the result is somewhat satisfying ", "a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre ", "to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke ", "like jimmy 's routines ", "'s a dull girl , that 's all . ", ", secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . ", "achieved ", "... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . ", "so memorable ", "'s ` ", "fairly parochial melodrama ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , ", "the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . ", "is nearly incoherent , ", "all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . ", "found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . ", "if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you . ", "everybody loves a david and goliath story ", "no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . ", "by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act ", "suspense , surprise and ", "fiercely intelligent and ", "majestic achievement ", "wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' ", "worth yet another visit ", "what he 's already done way too often ", "shrewdly ", "it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s ", "melodrama and tiresome love triangles ", "become the master of innuendo ", "between chaplin and kidman ", "every punchline predictable ", "a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . ", "desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ", "amuse or entertain them ", "share ", "its essential problem ", "breathe life into this somewhat tired premise ", "maintains a cool distance ", ", the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . ", "seem fresh ", "smart , funny look ", "'s great cinematic polemic ", "robotically italicized ", "it still works . ", "lush , all-enveloping movie experience ", "deeply moving ", "emotionally strong ", "filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power ", "'s easy to like and ", "it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . ", "none-too-original premise ", "more than satisfactory ", "a film of freshness , imagination and insight ", "reassuring manner ", "gives the lie to many clich\u00e9s and showcases a group of dedicated artists ", "like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film ", "are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . ", "genius ", "it 's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . ", "unfunny ", "more hackneyed ", ", you 'll still be glued to the screen . ", "started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "the soulful development ", "every suspenseful clich\u00e9 in the book ", "of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family ", "so downbeat ", "spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "engages us in constant fits of laughter , ", "most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river ", "done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen ", "have been astronomically bad ", "more than four ", "stirring visual sequence ", "little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that ", "much to it ", "slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction ", "family and community ", "reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . ", "completely awful iranian drama ... ", "is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . ", "up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick ", "just as rewarding ", "zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film ", "a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors ", "it 's got the brawn , but not the brains . ", "a movie full of surprises ", "grossest movie ", "( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . ", "the earnestness ", "true-blue ", "some surprises ", ", daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope ", "a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense ", "hideously and clumsily ", "it is a hilarious place to visit ", "guide a loose , poorly structured film ", "beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly ", "made the full monty a smashing success ... but ", "to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . ", "killer ", "even-flowing tone ", "the beach ", "a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . ", "a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . ", "spirit 's visual imagination ", "an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event ", "serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , ", "the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work ", "in a giant pile of elephant feces ", "peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . ", "disconnects every 10 seconds ", "violent , self-indulgent and maddening ", "deeply out of place in what could have ", "a tremendous piece of work ", "invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . ", "little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity ", "are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it ", "like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . ", "the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "does n't have all the answers ", "deeper every time ", "mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved ", "neatly ", "the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . ", "replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy ", "falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . ", "should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it ", "is a riot . ", "is hereby given fair warning . ", "sweet , funny ", "contemplative ", "the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman ", "the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and ", "writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . ", "crowd-pleasing goals ", "a great premise but only a great premise ", "works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making ", "sad schlock merchant ", "effective enough ", "comprehend it ", "it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . ", "familiar and predictable , and ", "should have gone straight to video . ", "it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt ", "great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex ", "soulful gravity ", "suitably elegant ", "its accumulated enjoyment ", "truly come to care about the main characters ", "distinguished and ", "the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making ", "rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . ", "appetizer that leaves you wanting more ", "paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age ", "to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved ", "bears out as your typical junkie opera ", "guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . ", "'ll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . ", "our reality tv obsession , and even ", "of attraction and interdependence ", "build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . ", "a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . ", "with promise ", "a mediocre exercise in target demographics ", "funny or ", "coming-of-age drama ", "the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa ", "symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . ", "a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . ", "carrying ", "a strangely tempting bouquet ", "add ", "to classify as it is hard to resist ", "'s all surface psychodramatics ", "sweet as greenfingers ", "significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old ", "the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters . ", "kid-empowerment fantasy ", "loses its sense of humor ", "flakiness ", "what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career ", "slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves ", "little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets ", "as the old saying goes , because it 's true ", "worth sitting through ", "merits ", "'d much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ", "powerful drama ", "'s a testament to the film 's considerable charm ", "it falls far short of poetry , ", "( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . ", "a more ambitious movie ", "'d watch these two together again in a new york minute ", "has already appeared in one forum or another ", "a paunchy midsection , ", "weird , wonderful ", "curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading ", "more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display ", "of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; ", "emotionally at least ) ", "whatever flaws igby goes down may possess ", "heart and unsettling subject matter ", "his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows ", "both shrill and soporific , and because everything ", "intense , claustrophobic ", "the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . ", "film that suffers because of its many excesses ", "loud , witless mess ", "the best ensemble casts of the year ", "pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "the film 's sopranos gags ", "is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . ", "is almost in a class with that of wilde ", "it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . ", "there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ", "but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "such a pleasure ", "is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . ", "cinema 's directorial giants ", "arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , ", "a fascinating , dark thriller ", "below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished ", "look at that clever angle ! ", "gets under our skin and ", "a pretty decent kid-pleasing , ", "journey into a philosophical void . ", "if only it were that grand a failure ", "over and over again . ", "an unsettling sight , and ", "going nowhere fast ", "smell the grease on the plot ", "legendary actor michel serrault ", "that if the filmmakers just follow the books ", "with this masterful , flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . ", "have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors ", "a rollicking good time for the most part ", "the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! ", "of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves ", "so special ", "terrific casting and solid execution ", "with a moral ", "lacks the spirit of the previous two , and ", "the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works ", "nothing too deep or substantial . ", "too loud , too goofy and too short ", "passably ", "just is n't worth telling ", "zings all the way ", "the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie ", "our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . ' ", "its storytelling prowess ", ", you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . ", "sex with strangers is fascinating ... ", "the climactic burst of violence ", "rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption ", "strongly reminiscent ", "the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . ", "nebrida ", "'s not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ", "playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a ", "red dragon '' is entertaining . ", "any viewer , young or old , ", "barely shocking , barely interesting and most ", "of ( witherspoon 's ) better films ", "who is too crazy to be interesting ", "ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' ", "there 's no conversion effort , ", "occasionally horrifying but often inspiring ", "is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight ", "unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker ", "a staggeringly compelling character ", "masterpeice ", "fun and funny in the middle , though ", "would be very sweet indeed ", "otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ", "big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . ", ", it should pay reparations to viewers . ", "a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . ", "entirely stale concept ", "the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy ", "is a really special walk in the woods ", "... a bland , pretentious mess . ", "steal your heart away ", "intolerable levels ", "structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ", "surprising , subtle ", "does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly ", "a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem ", "served up with heart and humor ", "from the characters ", "a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . ", "refreshed ", "'ve learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is ", "better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style ", "who , exactly , is fighting whom here ", "die for ", "pushing the jokes at the expense of character ", ", surprising romance ", "jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set ", "is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients ", "the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . ", ", metropolis is a feast for the eyes . ", "a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . ", "that is gorgeously ", "discoveries ", "a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ", "taken it a step further , richer and deeper ", "mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good ", "a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy ", "it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . ", "the dullest irish pub scenes ", "a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . ", "a measure of faith in the future ", "this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole ", "bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness ", "the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half ", "emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show ", "in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . ", "scream ", "feel-good sentiments ", "that suck the audience in ", "by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . ", "frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds ", "most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . ", "actually hurts to watch . ", "a straightforward , emotionally honest manner ", "an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . ", "the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ", "fulfill its own ambitious goals ", ", it 's kinda dumb . ", "( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence ", "of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) ", "the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries ", "cancer ", "heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated ", ", lifeless ", "is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything ", "of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants ", "that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . ", "to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater ", "generational signpost ", "faltering ", "give it a marginal thumbs up ", "eventually cloying pow drama . ", "to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "seeing things from new sides ", "racist ", "forefront ", "delicious , quirky movie ", "unabashedly hopeful ", "` ick ' ", "few things more frustrating ", "with an avid interest in the subject ", "ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you ", "makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama ", "strange film ", "been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand ", "stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory ", "all the same problems the majority of action comedies have ", "in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee ", "brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . ", "a conventional , but well-crafted film ", "romanticization ", "this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . ", "its three-hour running time plays closer to two . ", "the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . ", "hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ", "creates sheerly cinematic appeal . ", "little gem ", "could restage the whole thing in your bathtub ", "hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles ", "grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion ", ", did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? ", "a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy ", "the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson ", "exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing ", "must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face ", "eerily accurate depiction ", "a good ear for dialogue , ", "giggles and ", "balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . ", "summer blockbuster ", "best rock ", "the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . ", "whimsical and relevant today ", "would have made vittorio de sica proud ", "the modern day ", "wholly unnecessary addition ", "is hugely overwritten ", "brutally honest individual ", "if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd . ", "enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out ", "the ch\u00e2teau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' ", "the off-center humor is a constant ", "bad at it is cruel ", "as enlightening , insightful and entertaining ", "gasping at its visual delights ", "of dazzling pop entertainment ", "comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors ", "hard-edged stuff ", "insecure about its capacity ", "that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ", "the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . ", "adoring , wide-smiling reception ", ", folks , it does n't work . ", "'d bother watching past the second commercial break ", "grab your kids and run ", "makes ", "a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . ", "deeper and more engaging ", "falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan ", "benefited from a sharper , cleaner script ", "hoping for a stiff wind ", "why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "'s muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' ", "nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . ", "a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ", "much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay ", "... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ", "swept away ' ", "every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat ", "there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . ", "could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies ", "made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not ", "much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them ", "belittle a cinema classic . ", "marvelously entertaining and deliriously ", "treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody ", "the best since the last waltz ", "an interesting story ", "'s definitely worth taking a look ", "a coming-of-age movie ", "of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ", "succeed at cheapening it ", "been better than the fiction ", "choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic ", "imaginatively ", "survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine ", "clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . ", "fascinating stories ", "rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . ", "impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was . ", "there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . ", "frustrating patchwork ", "firing on all cylinders ", "a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up ", "enlightenment ", "woefully hackneyed ", "'s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue ", "dysfunctional ", "three hours and with very little story or character development ", "all its flaws ", "diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . ", "easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story ", "too great ", "done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez ", "drown yourself in a lake afterwards ", "fun and ", "the early and middle passages ", "what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ? ", "well-told ", "the charm and little ", "dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . ", "also is difficult to fathom . ", "less successful ", "cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , ", "was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . ", "might just be the movie you 're looking for ", "`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way . ", "a subtle , humorous , illuminating study ", "it has considerable charm . ", "botching a routine assignment ", "this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . ", "the rotting underbelly ", "always fairly ", "spain 's greatest star wattage ", "a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . ", "redeemed by its stars ", "in three words : thumbs friggin ' down ", "this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . ", "absolutely ", "vivid ", "awful ", "its botches ", "without being insightful ", "offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . ", "kids will love its fantasy and adventure , ", "imagines ", "terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates ", "narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute ", "from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ", "is more complex and honest ", "bilingual charmer ", "a well-put-together piece of urban satire ", "is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children ", "dreaded ", "played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . ", "is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . ", "is a hilarious place to visit ", "this movie got me grinning . ", "final act ", "more elves and snow and ", "though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . ", "performances ", "a deficit ", "those famous moments ", "a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . ", "the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes ", "seeing justice served ", "just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer . ", "mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart ", "quirky , fun , popcorn movies ", "by anne-sophie birot ", "left us cold ", "rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . ", "whole thing ", "this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice . ", "impossible as it may sound ", "drawn-out ", "'s fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive ", "as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony ", "this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . ", "seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . ", "the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ", "bitterly ", "makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance ", "is one of the best actors there is . ", "depressing , ", "the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "indie of the year , so far . ", "a spiffy animated feature ", "omits ", "a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation ", "two towers outdoes its spectacle . ", "despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . ", "a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . ", "lackadaisical ", "to seek and strike just the right tone ", "that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film ", "make the film more silly than scary , ", "a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich\u00e9 of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage ", "when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve . ", "opened it up for all of us to understand ", "over-dramatic ", "ill-considered , unholy hokum . ", "profanities ", "many definitions of ` time waster ' ", "the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . ", "extraordinarily rich landscape ", "a remarkable and novel ", "not to mention a convincing brogue ", "insufferably naive . ", "rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks ", "there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , ", "is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull ", "pur\u00e9ed m\u00e9lange ", "painful lie ", "has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence ", "is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief ", "on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ", "one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . ", "for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats ", "the things that made the first one charming ", ", the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . ", "is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap ", "the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . ", "mediocre ", "there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . ", "with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . ", "is horrible ", "impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . ", "so prolonged and boring ", "crafted , and well executed ", "exploit the familiar ", "buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block ", "ill-fitting ", "it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . ", "mass drug-induced bowel ", "like some like it ", "a web of dazzling entertainment ", "mawkish dialogue ", "much further than we imagine ", "pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ", "`` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ", "stale first act , scrooge story , ", "still leaves shockwaves ", "leaving the theater ", "a cellophane-pop remake ", "a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "formuliac , but fun . ", "bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . ", "poor remake ", "remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced ", "is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "soap-opera emotion ", "such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' ", "is a brilliant movie ", "before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia ", "the cast is spot on ", "seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither ", "becoming irritating ", "a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . ", "the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . ", "the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose . ", "is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . ", "like ` praise the lord ", "is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie ", "in its splendor ", "standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . ", "'d probably turn it off ", "genuinely unnerving . ", "a text to ` lick , ", "disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice ", "graceless and ugly ", "moldering pile ", "unique and entertaining ", "so crazy ! ", "is a failure . ", "is a lame kiddie flick ", "exciting and ", "adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances ", "fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution ", "cultivation ", "carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff ", "riveting performances ", "more mature than fatal attraction ", "shooting ", "a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment ", "no . ", "worthy addition ", "clinch him this year 's razzie ", "wonderfully sympathetic ", "resolutely unamusing , ", "own fear and paranoia ", "goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . ", "terribly funny ", "a reasonably good time ", "shapes history ", ", miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . ", "the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy ", "the quirky ", "a jarring , new-agey tone ", ", there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' ", "a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- ", "suffered ", "an almost unbearably morbid love story . ", "campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast ", "saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay ", ", but with restraint ", "a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something ", "genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , ", "greatest ", "hilarious ) ", "the nonstop artifice ", "most brilliant and brutal uk crime film ", "the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . ", "that no wise men will be following after it ", "that something so short could be so flabby ", "of moral compromise ", "because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin ", "offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . ", "real-life happening ", "feel pissed off ", "ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period ", "offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , ", "... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... ", "evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention . ", "loosely connected ", "hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie ", "is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . ", "flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set ", "its courageousness , ", "warning you ", "is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels ", "gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . ", "it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . ", "a touching , small-scale story ", "she loves them to pieces ", "... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . ", "of a self-destructive man ", "elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "sharply comic ", "starts off so bad ", "it 's pleasant enough and ", "crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and ", "a warm , enveloping affection ", "check ", "starts with a legend ", "worthwhile themes ", "landing squarely on `` stupid '' ", "makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , ", "one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . ", "organic ", "of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . ", "once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand ", "as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself ", "the brilliant performances ", "pretty listless ", "a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "is n't worth sitting through ", "winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . ", "is exceedingly pleasant ", "their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary ", ", we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "inventive , fun ", "junior-high ", "even halfway scary ", "a direct hit ", "that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge ", "boisterous ", "a consistent tone ", "unendurable viewing experience ", "usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "painfully bad ", "especially give credit to affleck . ", "a classy , sprightly spin ", "the universal theme ", "there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . ", "a documentary to disregard available bias ", "take heart ", "that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "subversive ", "their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) ", "of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree ", "you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines ", "a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it ", "of ' a nightmare ", "lingering death ", "plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties ", "exceptionally good ", "formula mercilessly ", "glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby ", "julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . ", "a modest masterpiece . ", "the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . ", "woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters ", "courage and ", "very few laughs and even less surprises ", "hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . ", "slimed in the name of high art ", "a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach ", "too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "as plain and pedestrian as catsup -- ", "is actually quite entertaining . ", "the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow ", "been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness ", "not-very-funny comedy ", "is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone ", "its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity ", "mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . ", "experimentation and improvisation ", "about ten ", "muy loco , but no more ridiculous ", "irksome , tiresome nature ", "its gentle , touching story ", "about something is an amicable endeavor . ", "beautiful and mysterious ", "( has ) an immediacy ", "the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . ", "bogging down ", ", thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . ", "a fleeting grasp ", "lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . ", "part biography , part entertainment and ", "breezy blend ", "fire a torpedo ", "us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced ", "long , intricate , star-studded ", "that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community ", "by corrupt and hedonistic weasels ", "the tinny self-righteousness ", "an ironically killer soundtrack ", "are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine ", "nonsense ", "jolts the laughs from the audience -- ", "a slap-happy mood ", "sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are ", "buoyant delivery ", "a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , ", "a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three ", "the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... ", "very good viewing alternative ", "with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names ", "her best ", "striking , quietly vulnerable personality ", "companionship ", "in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay ", "things fall apart ", "poetic , heartbreaking . ", "oblivious ", "turning in some delightful work on indie projects ", "pretends to expose the life of male hustlers ", "an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original ", "is handled with intelligence and care ", "the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor ", "now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers ", "is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . ", "an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter ", "tenderly observant of his characters ", "lots of effort and intelligence are on display but ", "been recycled more times than i 'd care to count ", "likable movie ", "o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ", "of the elements that will grab you ", "you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . ", "travesty ", "bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . ", "a fair bit ", "manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill ", "300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement ", "save oleander 's uninspired story ", "one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny ", "here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place ", "most unpleasant ", "a foundering performance ", "the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note ", "jump cuts , fast editing ", "these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that ", "elegant and sly deadpan ", "observant . ", "its characters tissue-thin ", "loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . ", "uncreative ", "its agonizing , catch-22 glory ", "that 's still too burdened by the actor ", ", this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . ", ", this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . ", "fanciful , ", "not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching ", "no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror ", "aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . ", "a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . ", "oppressively heavy ", "coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . ", "is a riveting , brisk delight ", "by the time it 's done with us , ", "smoochy ", "he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "marvelously entertaining ", "pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and ", "has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ", "so true and heartbreaking ", "energizes ", "transfixes the audience ", "the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . ", "brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . ", "do a load of good ", "is more timely now than ever . ", "the sheer beauty ", "completely creatively stillborn ", "pure disney ", "hilarity . ", "is a distinct rarity , and an event . ", "due to its rapid-fire delivery and ", "a movie to forget ", "is nearly impossible to look at or understand ", "well-written ", "each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . ", "you 're gon na like this movie . ", "creeps ", "dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder ", "as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . ", "a hoot in a bad-movie way ", ": the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "wryly amusing ", "is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance ", "this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , ", "in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . ", "that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that ", "nothing but an episode ", "even its target audience talked all the way through it ", "unflattering ", "faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ", ", clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . ", "dud from frame one . ", "multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation ", "because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", "with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . ", "make it an above-average thriller . ", "protagonists ", "may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . ", "crafted but ", "has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . ", "forget about it by monday ", "an ounce of honest poetry ", "a warm , moving message ", "it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . ", "undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice ", "dumb , ", "is always sympathetic ", "the first fatal attraction ", "it 's a quirky , off-beat project . ", "the unsettled tenor ", "a mexican soap opera ", "sentimental chick-flicks ", "even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . ", "this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . ", "felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . ", "a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) ", "based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . ", "the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life ", "jacobi , the most fluent of actors , ", "the sensational ", "smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . ", "idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise ", "solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but ", "combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise ", "what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art ", "an intoxicating ", "so often end up on cinema screens ", "embraced by this gentle comedy ", "dylan kidd ", "that have all but ruined his career ", "beautifully read and , finally , ", ", memory , resistance and artistic transcendence ", "the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community ", "is magnetic as graham ", "delight ", "very top rank ", "a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements ", "naomi watts is terrific as rachel ", "hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . ", "no . ", "visually bland ", "like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it ", "it just seems manufactured to me and artificial ", "to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes ", "their most virtuous limits ", "is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . ", "the most fluent of actors ", "unpaid intern ", "its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images ", "is dreary and sluggish ", "extraordinary faith ", "rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . ", "it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers ", "both ugly and mindless ", "topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . ", "is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "'s something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . ", "you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . ", "american and ", "involving than this mess ", "abandoned their slim hopes and dreams ", "captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path ", "the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came ", "would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered ", "regret and ", "did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", ", and genius ", "redemption ", "the power and grace ", "has a terrific look ", "life affirming ", "vibrantly colored and ", "audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter ", "a heartfelt romance ", "as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting ", "blatant product placement ", "has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier ", "the film is static ", "recommend this film more ", "wrong with performances here ", "will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "sit through it all ", "succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . ", "ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . ", "if there 's no art here ", "make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie ", "the pacing is deadly ", "to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art ", "the procession ", "goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and ", "woody , what happened ? ", "is n't a very involving one ", "the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear ", "a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity ", "a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest ", "the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach ", "replete with the pubescent scandalous ", "a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . ", "we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses ", "for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . ", "a marvel ", "a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage ", "dream ", "refreshing and comical ", "this 20th anniversary edition of the film ", "complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way ", "inspiring , ironic , and ", "in enough clever and unexpected ", "'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . ", "gorgeous ", "who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek ", "viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . ", ", it 's nowhere near as good as the original . ", "ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . ", "otherwise excellent film ", "it 's boring ", "in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . ", "creative instincts ", "comes off as insultingly simplistic ", "the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most ", "the metaphors are provocative ", "i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed ", "astonishingly skillful and moving ... ", "a very depressing movie of many ", "the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . ", "that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . ", "no charm , no laughs , no fun ", "it 's self-defeatingly decorous ", "a sharp movie ", "'s not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd ", "turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . ", "filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration ", "screen been so aggressively anti-erotic ", "twisted shapes history ", "takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' ", "touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . ", "is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states ", "you laugh ", "the worst dialogue ", "can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head ", "cheesy backdrops , ", "stale and uninspired . ", "tickled ", "nearly terminal case ", "stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ", "down-to-earth bullock ", "iconic hero ", "wish had been developed with more care ", "believable performances ", "the perfect starting point ", "long for the end credits ", "no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . ", "there 's definite room for improvement . ", "-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying ", "picked me up , swung me around ", "that extra little something ", "is surely ", "on the success of bollywood ", "all the enjoyable randomness ", "the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . ", "what makes their project so interesting ", "like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming ", "could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 ", ", humorous , illuminating study ", "seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release ", "an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . ", "a painless time-killer ", "execution and skill ", "does n't ", "unspeakable ", "predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game ", "anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here ", "he 's a better actor than a standup comedian . ", "fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent ", "recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to ", "a great saturday night live sketch ", "is painterly ", "an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema ", "the end that extravagantly redeems it ", "for some robust and scary entertainment ", "a walk to remember a niche hit ", "from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense ", "surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy ", "wears out its limited welcome ", "love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 ", "it an exhilarating ", "as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . ", "inspiring and ", "is delightful in the central role ", "the hero 's odyssey ", "his self-inflicted retaliation ", "in the pianist ", "anemic , pretentious . ", "a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . ", "is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . ", "recording ", "of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it ", "still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable ", "some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting ", "is strictly routine ", "is the piece works brilliantly ", "a perceptive study ", "can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns ", "charged ", "delightfully cheeky ", "of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity ", "what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script ", "is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- ", "about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook ", "it 's pleasant enough ", "feel sorry ", "our imagination ", "virtually no understanding of it ", "oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that ", "tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "they need it to sell us on this twisted love story ", "heroes ", "was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash ", "wonderful but ", "evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story ", "properly intense , claustrophobic tale ", "that transcends culture and race ", "the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . ", "may be a bit disjointed ", "very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors ", "this deeply touching melodrama ", "drag the movie ", "stretches of impact and moments of awe ", "invaluable service ", "an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . ", "nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . ", "what results is the best performance from either in years ", "it 's stupid ", "the real horror may be waiting for us at home ", "waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading ", "of honest poetry ", "tragic ) ", "harsh conceptual exercise ", "be the performances of their careers ", "encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "annoyance ", "sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy ", "of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design ", "the universal themes , ", "has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf ", "comes from the brave , uninhibited performances ", "a chilling movie ", "beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . ", "but film buffs should get to know ", "none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies ", "'s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours ", "bring off this wild welsh whimsy ", "that would have made vittorio de sica proud ", "it 's smooth and professional ", "it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ", "bruised ", "the sword fighting is well done ", "has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . ", "sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . ", "elizabeth hurley 's ", "an expiration date passed a long time ago ", "actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ", "a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : ", "brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "showcases ", "a head-turner -- thoughtfully written ", "like a precious and finely cut diamond ", "is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos ", "humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . ", "hip-hop indie snipes ", "theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . ", "true events ", "drown yourself ", "awesome work ", "rewards ", "for both children and parents ", "may fall fast asleep . ", "derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone ", ", it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . ", "its \u00e9lan ", "the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence ", "might as well be watching it through a telescope ", "be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro ", "terrific special effects and funnier gags ", "paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . ", "be viewed as pure composition and form -- ", "wonderfully funny ", "in place for a great film noir ", "wickedly funny ", "dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . ", "who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; ", "miller , kuras and the actresses ", "the benefit of being able to give full performances ", "to triumph over a scrooge or two ", "is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream ", "it 's about family ", "tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but ", "may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . ", "all its brilliant touches ", "set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . ", "it 's a very sincere work , ", "a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility ", "do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version ", "tawdry ", "gone a tad less for grit and a lot more ", "of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs ", "is a big letdown ", "definitely ", "australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . ", "mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . ", "ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . ", "the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . ", ", the movie grows boring despite the scenery . ", "solid performances and eerie atmosphere ", "grow increasingly disturbed ", "it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . ", "with virtuoso throat-singing ", "a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism ", "was reportedly rewritten a dozen times ", "breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers ", "in search of purpose or even a plot ", "the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence ", "'s surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series ", "does n't add anything fresh to the myth . ", "oh , james ! ", "is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love ", "ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) ", "a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . ", "of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ", "its electronic expression through cyber culture ", "this overlong infomercial , ", "classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' ", "a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking ", "for controversy ", "still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . ", "that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling ", "is so fascinating that you wo n't care . ", "stays with you long after you have left the theater ", "audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection ", "is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "impeccable comic timing ", "splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . ", "should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame ", "enthusiastic charm ", "are too cute ", "with unimpeachable clarity ", "a good time ", "witty , vibrant , and intelligent . ", "comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . ", "seal the deal ", "worked ", "can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . ", "'ll need a stronger stomach than us ", ", spicy footnote ", "third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby ", "engaging . ", "finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films ", "to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ", "a damn fine and ", "is careless and unfocused . ", "a snore ", "it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion ", "may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting ", "there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces ", "piles layer upon layer of action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work ", "refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ", "mostly magnificent directorial career ", "just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market ", "to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful ", "the all-french cast is marveilleux . ", "yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new ", "off too far ", "a light-hearted way the romantic problems ", "me grinning ", "a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns ", "charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election ", "by a lackluster script and substandard performances ", "like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate ", "to cliches and pat storytelling ", "not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe ", "there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs ", "the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably ", "quiet power ", "you 're on the edge of your seat ", "a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing ", "throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . ", "watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards ", "are too immature and unappealing to care about ", "is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time ", "a portrait of alienation ", "maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score ", "a french film with a more down-home flavor . ", "though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . ", "of spirit ", "lacks the charisma and ability ", "plays out like a flimsy excuse ", "accept it as life and go with its flow ", "two whole hours ", "another disjointed ", "this gorgeous epic ", "a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break ", "find millions of eager fans ", "great visual stylists ", "is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city ", "a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france ", "the rare imax movie that you 'll wish ", "a real winner ", "is slightly less successful than the first ", "trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it ", "dull plots ", "believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action ", "abridged edition ", "funny and human and really ", "cannon 's confidence ", "so much first-rate talent ", "truly magical movie ", "gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation ", "something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message ", "just lazy ", "captures the debilitating grief ", "care ", "the richness ", "drudgery ", "more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ", "feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . ", "a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel ", "secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . ", "seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight ", "oleander 's uninspired story ", "recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and ", "comes out looking like something wholly original ", "'s all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness ", "formulaic ", "you care about the characters ", "of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition ", "a hole in the head ", "something really good ", "telling a fascinating character 's story ", "in the place where a masterpiece should be ", "searing performances ", "there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ", "has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . ", "a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . ", "messy and ", "worth the trip to the theater ", "hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild ", "you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie ", "distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . ", "his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "this is a children 's film in the truest sense . ", "laugh-out-loud ", "uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious ", "woven together handsomely ", "never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . ", "have fun ", "succeeds in making us believe ", "( taymor ) utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . ", "tame ", "to be affected and boring ", "subconscious ", "a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . ", "tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ", "pathetic exploitation film ", "flabbergasting principals ", "a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . ", "is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . ", "is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults ", "for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . ", "each one of these people stand out and ", "the film is flat . ", "writing , skewed characters , ", "whiney ", "meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . ", "even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . ", "extravagant confidence ", "off-putting romantic comedy . ", "dicey ", "this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . ", "taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight ", "a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid ", "a stiff ", "with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . ", "far more stylish ", "laughed that hard ", "hollywood horror ", "toilet-humor ", "providing comic relief ", "keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats ", "is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . ", "humorous and touching . ", "awakening and ripening ", "smeary ", "walked away ", "overcomes ", "it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time ", "bring ", "higher level ", "despite its floating narrative ", "will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . ", "moving and important film ", "an unchanged dullard ", "of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . ", "highly watchable stuff . ", "an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike ", "as another key contribution ", "slapping its target audience ", "on top of a foundering performance ", "might actually want to watch ", "a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , ", "to enjoy its own transparency ", "come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes ", "feel the screenwriter at every moment ", "though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . ", ", his most personal work yet . ", "had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters ", "well-directed and , for all its moodiness , ", "overly melodramatic ... ", "what 's next ? ", "oftentimes funny , yet ", "young romantics ", "there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and ", "bland police procedural details , fiennes ", "crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . ", "is this so boring ? ", "a big corner office in hell ", "population ", "opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn ", "a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film ", "the filmmaking in invincible ", "be both hugely entertaining and uplifting ", "a serious movie with serious ideas ", "been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up ", "half-baked ", "is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype ", "behave like kids ", "a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . ", ", rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "this funny film ", ", common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . ", "how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg ", "the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . ", ", this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . ", "simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . ", "wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors ", "mall movie ", "juiced ", "we never really get inside of them . ", "a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , ", "as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west ", "fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances ", "want to see it ", "this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . ", "have one saving grace ", "are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty ", "america , history ", "is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . ", "sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it ", "an unflinching , ", "good trash ", "a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . ", "safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . ", "if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves ", "i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but ", "glorified sitcom ", "has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ", "a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . ", "this enthralling documentary ", "that 's shapeless and uninflected ", "folks , it does n't work . ", "welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion ", "the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . ", "is about as necessary as a hole in the head ", "the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past ", "horrifyingly , ", "could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films ", "filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative ", "it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . ", "their noble endeavor ", "dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects ", "archly funny ", "extended dialogue exercise ", "at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . ", "it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience ", "overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : ", "with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity ", "one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . ", "fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic ", "her film is like a beautiful food entr\u00e9e that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . ", "last 15 years ", "feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story ", "the hype , the celebrity , ", "steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . ", "an abused , inner-city autistic ", "plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' ", "a personal low for everyone ", "a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure ", "has since ", "enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor ", "a fiercely clever and subtle film , ", "it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . ", "failed ", "as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something ", "an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow ", "an intriguing bit ", "in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love ", "nothing we have n't seen before from murphy ", "is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . ", "been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky ", "a rather toothless take ", "no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . ", "of daring films ", "astonishingly ", "becomes too heavy for the plot ", "that their charm does n't do a load of good ", "treasure ", "a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex ", "a sly female empowerment movie ", "a fullness ", "an overall sense of brusqueness ", "an earnest study in despair ", "with color and depth , and rather a good time ", ", in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life ", "got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions ", "a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex ", "a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic ", "as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "pokemon 4ever ", "to look at or understand ", "wide-eyed ", "suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters ", "something of a stiff ", "it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . ", "rambles aimlessly ", "just unlikable ", ", i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... ", "undone ", "enduring strengths ", "compelling pre-wwii drama ", "badder ", "will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . ", "drowning 's too good for this sucker . ", "a muddle ", "may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form ", "too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . ", "their way around this movie directionless ", "to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances ", "exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "a wacky , screwball comedy ", "lame . ", "downright intoxicating ", "like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ", "completely honest , open-hearted film ", "does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple ", "is a former film editor ", "to do with imagination than market research ", "is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . ", "wastes its time ", "devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- ", "de niro 's right-hand goombah ", "feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . ", "chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . ", "abstract approach ", "the comic effects of jealousy ", "a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone ", "buy is an accomplished actress , ", "they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . ", "revolutionary spirit ", "the history is fascinating ", "bravo 's ", "a wooden delivery ", "a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- ", "seem more like medicine ", "is a film living far too much in its own head ", "unfortunately also ", "a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find ", "chamber of secrets ", "alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "from stark desert ", "this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . ", "another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective ", "amazing ", "a sleek advert ", "adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . ", "this seductive tease of a thriller ", "at his most critically insightful ", "relative letdown . ", "rut ", "is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy ", "it 's that good . ", "more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film ", "so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given . ", "final , beautiful scene ", "recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile ", "play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life ", "natural and ", "the shabby digital photography ", "an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for ", "drag two-thirds through , ", "feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock ", "defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep ", "frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy ", "does best ", "collateral ", "sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine ", "version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip ", "real star ", "'s mildly interesting ", "they finally feel absolutely earned ", "delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle ", "while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . ", "boring talking heads ", "a thinking man 's monster movie ", "as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ", "fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . ", "a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what ", "imaginative filmmaking ", "thinly-conceived ", "one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another ", "leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics ", "one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar ", "have reinvigorated the romance genre ", "'s neither too erotic nor very thrilling , ", "liked the movie ", "'s a movie about it ", "an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream ", "just ca n't tear himself away from the characters ", "staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors ", "is clever and insightful ", "soft-porn 'em powerment ", "is well established ", "you wo n't like looking at it ", "damaged-goods people ", "i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me ", "seem so real ", "unusual power ", "its playwriting 101 premise ", "pretty good team ", "offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone ", "its provocative conclusion ", "teen-sleaze equivalent ", "the insightful writer/director ", "the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . ", "an elegant visual sense ", "from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also ", "a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . ", "of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati ", ", wistful new film ", "giant william randolph hearst ", "inappropriate and wildly undeserved ", "demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon ", "the very best of them ", "is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . ", "has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . ", "justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau ", "emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . ", "of abuse ", "one of the most original american productions this year ", "funny , triumphant , ", "australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . ", "it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come ", "redundant and ", "slopped ` em together here ", "continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . ", "blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . ", "would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . ", "too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery ", "there are some fairly unsettling scenes ", "putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . ", "right film ", "everything else about the film tanks . ", "'s simultaneously painful and refreshing ", "it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "musical passion ", "is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential ", "idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and ", "a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious ", "fool ", "as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( franco ) has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . ", "enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious ", "admire ... ", "one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination ", "is a work of outstanding originality ", ", but wanes in the middle ", "there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but ", "against itself ", "it 's still a comic book , ", "immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do ", "in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic ", "be made on the cheap ", "a comedy to start a reaction ", "shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull ", "encourage ", "any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling ", "invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ", "( a ) strong piece of work ", "the plot kicks into gear ", "the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point ", "wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy ", "a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid ", "what a concept ", "is your film . ", "reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon ", "a step down ", "van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . ", "shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . ", "talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . ", "celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ", "'s always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations ", "difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ", "makes a better short story ", "resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . ", "you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out ", "animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame ", "a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career . ", "results is the best performance from either in years ", "fantasti ", "plot holes ", "the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films . ", "is engaged ", "another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke ", "a flourish ", "a stylistic ", "are paper thin ", "a smear ", "more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "a smartly written motion picture ", "the theater wondering why these people mattered ", "trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed ", "notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl - ", "make it well worth watching ", "shame americans , ", "turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema ", "almost perpetually wasted ", "in memory ", "an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . ", "petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and ", "doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ", "it does n't work . ", "a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion ", "is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore ", "intriguing species ", "sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ", "the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . ", "tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . ", "a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood ", "is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer ", "'s a very valuable film ... ", "guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . ", "'s refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "a rather brilliant little cult item ", ", iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . ", "a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself ", "of dramatic interest ", "the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "more than their unique residences ", "become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters ", "you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours ", "a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- ", "the lively appeal of the last kiss ", "engaging examination ", "awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters ", "arnold is not , nor will he be , back ", "reverent ", ", in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ", "best part ' ", "is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy ", "be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness ", "no reason to watch ", "a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame ", "weird amalgam ", "feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . ", "a few nice twists in a standard plot ", "nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . ", "of the most politically audacious films of recent decades ", "tv cop show cliches ", "thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . ", "a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense ", "the best script that besson has written in years . ", "woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . ", "audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , ", "robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side . ", "a nifty plot line ", "full of life and small delights -- ", "flails ", ", the movie completely transfixes the audience . ", "a master ", "if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution ", "'s hard to resist his enthusiasm , ", "with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "this gender-bending comedy ", "happy ", "evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun ", "this like the dreaded king brown snake ", "it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . ", "slap-happy ", "a hit ", "to overcome my resistance ", "is such a sweet and sexy film ", "enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast ", "and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . ", "its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . ", "rather dull , unimaginative car chase ", "spent watching this waste of time ", "what 's even more remarkable ", "sucking you in ... ", "gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . ", "the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . ", "may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother ", "a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences ", ", i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . ", "a bad taste ", ", margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . ", "their memorable and resourceful performances ", ", it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clich\u00e9s . ", "poo-poo jokes ", "a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild ", "the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story ", ", this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . ", "free ", "doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans ", "is distressingly rote ", "with a tone as variable as the cinematography ", ", the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . ", "of oscar wilde 's classic satire ", "touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy ", "'s a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one ", "is rote work and predictable ", "in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . ", "there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . ", "traditionally structured ", "to a satisfying destination ", "sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem ", "is n't particularly assaultive ", "like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series ", "gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air ", "fleshed-out enough to build any interest ", "a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego ", "feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . ", "this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious . ", "every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny ", "slovenly life ", "a few evocative images ", "of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd ", "students that deals with first love sweetly ", "a painful elegy and ", "follows into melodrama and silliness ", "is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller ", "oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . ", "incredibly irritating ", "a frightful vanity film ", "just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . ", ", i love it ... hell , i dunno . ", "your least favorite ", "a friend ", "polished ", "goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... ", "while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . ", "being boring ", "ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff ", "'s gone to manhattan and hell ", "an artistry that also smacks of revelation ", ", the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . ", "is n't always coherent ", "a culture-clash comedy ", "attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off ", "the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . ", "into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "manipulation , ", "at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans ", "tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ", "it counts heart as important as humor ", "in the best irish sense ", "listless direction ", "wasted minutes of sandler ", "is entirely too straight-faced ", "play fine ", "'re going to feel like you were n't invited to the party ", "than this facetious smirk of a movie ", "from the demented mind ", "easy , seductive ", ", you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . ", "find comfort in familiarity ", "real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) ", "a minor-league soccer remake ", ", he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' ", "hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated ", "the audience gets pure escapism ", "an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . ", "sometimes inexpressive ", "it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . ", "like having an old friend for dinner ' ", "it 's in danger of going wrong ", "brilliant movie ", "the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . ", "um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ? ", "entirely suspenseful , extremely ", "festival ", "such fury ", "'s never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller ", "- worst of all - ", "did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ", "an interesting look ", "enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid . ", "succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries ", "comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , ", "creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . ", "marshall keeps the energy humming , ", "seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk ", "has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . ", "any film more challenging or depressing ", "a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ", "a happy ending ", "are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? ", "he brings together ", "'s unique and quirky about canadians ", "demanding ", "as the shabby digital photography ", "that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ", "appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . ", "is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish ", "is honestly ", "oh-so-important ", "its absurdity ", ", hilarious ", "to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated ", "in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise ", "workplace ambition ", "i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . ", "keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . ", "a showdown ", "crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy ", "collapses like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 ", "of characters in this picture ", "is a relationship that is worthy of our respect ", "comedy death ", "very good film ", "there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . ", "a bump on the head ", "every bad action-movie line in history ", "he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . ", "dutifully pulling on heartstrings ", "entering ", "one of the most exciting action films ", "of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story ", "views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . ", "if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . ", "'s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . ", "talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution ", "an indisputably spooky film ", "under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ", "does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", "the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ", "too slow for a younger crowd ", "recipe , inspiring ", "smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still ", "on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy ", "in tight pants and big tits ", "black indomitability ", "unbearably beautiful ", "the master of disguise is awful . ", "the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i ", "sulky ", "cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital ", "has merit and ", ", dramatically satisfying heroine ", "to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl ", "captures both the beauty of the land and the people ", "best and most exciting ", "the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ", "in a new way ", "a knockout of a closing line ", "( and fairly unbelievable ) ", "fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . ", "a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action ", "is having fun with it all ", "dark areas ", "animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . ", "its sincere acting ", "graceful , moving ", "infatuation ", "the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen ", "a huge disappointment coming , ", "its own languorous charm ", "trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge ", "complaint ", "would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is ", "resonant film since the killer ", "lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ", "as the most original in years ", "more ways ", "weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , ", "caliber ", "a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . ", "kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters ", "... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . ", "exceptionally ", "... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ... ", "scratching your head than hiding under your seat ", "overflows ", "darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . ", "a depressingly retrograde ", "it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ", "jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . ", "eroti-comedy ", "children 's entertainment , superhero comics , ", "winning and wildly fascinating work ", "it gets the details of its time frame right ", "rival ", "the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' ", "zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . ", "something new ", "really , really good things ", "would have a hard time sitting through this one . ", "an entertaining mix ", "cheesy screenplay ", "so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . ", "cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . ", "'re content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", "this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon ", "predictable and ", "liar ", "a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust ", "that it 's too close to real life to make sense ", "of clich\u00e9s and a dim ", "the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history ", "is interested in nothing ", "has compelling new material ", "steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . ", "a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer ", "lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma ", "satisfies with its moving story ", "a documentary that works ", "'s that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . ", "typical toback machinations ", "drab ", "been so aggressively anti-erotic ", "bad at a fraction the budget ", "remarkable procession of sweeping pictures ", "suffering ", "what it 's trying to say and ", "has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity ", "an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and ", "character piece ", "as important as humor ", "a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . ", "the modern rut ", "confusion and pain ", ") soulless ", "current americanized adaptation ", "when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . ", "geniality ", "this fast-paced ", "betting her third feature will be something to behold ", "i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . ", "created a substantive movie ", "becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead ", "work more than it probably should ", "its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters ", "a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature ", "a date ", "vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse ", "rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , ", "a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny ", "hilariously ", "four-star ", "an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album ", "well established ", "a dualistic battle between good and evil ", "'' and `` terrible ", "to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds ", "it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but ", "tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history ", "articulates a flood of emotion . ", "it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such ", "distanced us from the characters ", "writer-director david jacobson ", "is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride ", "it 's a compelling and horrifying story ", "an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . ", "numbing experience to watch ", "a superfluous sequel ... ", "is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting ", "sweetness and vulnerability ", "a heartfelt conviction ", "a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china ", "poignant and uplifting story ", "with awe ", "bland ", "clich\u00e9-riddled genre ", "marvelous first ", "even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . ", "the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt ", "fascinating experiment ", "bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . ", "broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . ", "the horrible pains ", "their luster ", "there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies ", "tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in ", "the too-frosty exterior ", "maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . ", "deserving ", "go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "in all its director 's cut glory , ", "slurs ", ", the power of this movie is undeniable . ", "that have reinvigorated the romance genre ", "to regain his life , his dignity and his music ", "of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions ", "chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ", "the film is a hilarious adventure ", "it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots ", "unique feel ", "... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . ", ", with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived ", "unsalvageability ", "is powerful and revelatory ", "most excruciating 86 minutes one ", "with enough energy and excitement ", "of psychopathic pulp ", "remains mostly undeterminable ", "ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . ", "black-and-white and unrealistic ", ", `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . ", "strongest and ", "strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles ", "a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . ", "try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching ", "effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . ", "should see it as soon as possible . ", "ingenious fun ", "snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . ", "the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . ", "( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true . ", "has a wooden delivery and ", "the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch ", "the limits of what a film can be , ", "feel ` stoked ", "to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "vacuous ", "overwhelming pleasure ", "the murk of its own making ", "splendidly ", ", very good ", "of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film ", "is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . ", "a knowing sense of humor ", ", it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . ", "an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . ", "so many flaws ", "tedious and turgid ", "individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing ", "of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen ", "( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting ", "golden ", "is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . ", "captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics ", "blind date , only less ", "to provoke them ", "the filmmaker 's extraordinary access ", "that it 's offensive , ", "often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . ", "is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , ", "a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is ", "with familiar situations and repetitive scenes ", "clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . ", "best forgotten ", "suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories ", "muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure ", "a worthwhile addition ", "dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . ", "of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "keen eye , ", "the ridiculous bolero ", ", funny and touching ", "drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . ", "is he has no character , loveable or otherwise ", "a fantastic movie ", "to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "plain old blarney ", "is the one ", "a massive infusion ", "is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . ", "this nonsensical story ", "and sometimes dry ", "reasonably good ", "a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- ", "too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "a strong narrative ", ", for that matter , shrek ) ", "so lackluster ", "laughingly ", "a standout performance ", "'s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie ", "a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation ", "too clever by about nine-tenths . ", "spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ", "it appears not to have been edited at all ", "safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter ", "peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us ", "often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . ", "lacks aspirations of social upheaval . ", "the upper echelons of the directing world ", "a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . ", "teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' . ", "showcases a group of dedicated artists ", "easily one of the best and most exciting movies ", "this dreary mess ", ", storytelling is far more appealing ", "a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes ", "in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ", "even murphy 's expert comic timing and ", "participation ", "liked a lot of the smaller scenes . ", "show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting ", "odd and ", "sitcomishly predictable and cloying ", "is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . ", "keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart ", "an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about ", "by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss ", "at least a few good ideas ", "the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . ", "through a prism ", "for cryin ' ", "lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them ", "therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one ", "strangely tempting ", "make this a charmer ", "allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", "that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence ", "tremendously moving ", "vision is beginning to feel ", "talk to her is so darned assured ", "has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . ", "heartwarming film ", "lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter ", "wet burlap sack ", ", the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "while certainly clever in spots ", "disgracefully ", "attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . ", "a predictable outcome and a screenplay ", "pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ", "the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . ", "a fascinating case study ", "worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia ", "wanted to leave . ", "a shakespearean tragedy ", "sour little movie ", "ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . ", "martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline ", "a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "flat , misguided comedy . ", "the power of love ", ", ingenious ", "sequences boring ", "that is fully formed and remarkably assured ", "love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane ", "boffo last hour ", "is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in ", "flakeball ", "acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice ", "improved ", "repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . ", "comedy to start a reaction ", "should drop everything and run to ichi . ", "sadly ", "an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get ", "tepid and ", "pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license ", "to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll ", "of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm ", "of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes ", "guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ", "mystery devoid ", "clich\u00e9-laden ", "scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation ", "delivers more goodies than lumps of coal ", "embraces life in public ", "the movie is powerful and provocative . ", "excites the imagination and ", "a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy ", "by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness ", "to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "a bigger-name cast ", "of drooling idiots ", "that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman ", "a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story ", "that do n't really care for the candidate ", "has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project ", "with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages ", "delightfully ", "such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise ", "an engaging fantasy ", "graceless ", "it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . ", "the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems . ", "molestation ", "for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "keep this fresh . ", "a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . ", "the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge ", ", well , ", "has you study them ", "a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . ", "elegant technology ", "overly original ", "a well-executed spy-thriller . ", "if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood ", "legal battle ", "joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy ", "to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ", "like arnold schwarzenegger ", "aggravating and tedious ", "zero compelling storyline ", "worth telling ", "-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- ", "depress ", "we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , ", "old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy ", "by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . ", "a valentine sealed with a kiss ", "a little less charm ", "thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . ", "almost every single facet of production ", "the film is a good one ", "nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored ", "ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot ", "modus ", "this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . ", "its moving story ", "squanders as much as it gives out . ", ", sorrow , laugther , and tears ", "wickedly sick and twisted humor ", "is a far smoother ride . ", "entirely witless and inane , ", "supposed to be a romantic comedy ", "somebody might devote time to see it ", "my seat trying to sneak out of the theater ", "what punk rock music used to be ", "characteristic style ", "hopelessly out ", "packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ", "the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly ", "are as subtle and as enigmatic ", "never existed ", "one of the greatest films ", "manages , with terrific flair , ", "illustrated by a winning family story ", "to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "a fresh idea ", "horrible . ", "mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . ", "give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "making dog day afternoon with a cause ", "waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . ", "very light ", "sink it ", "there 's no real sense of suspense , and ", "of effecting change and inspiring hope ", "damaged-goods ", "the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . ", "the striking , quietly vulnerable personality ", "handsomely ", "seen this summer ", "such a perfect medium for children ", "solidly constructed , entertaining thriller ", "new testament stories ", "pretty funny ", "the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . ", "with an undeniable energy ", "the lively intelligence of the artists and ", "'s a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . ", "it is disposable . ", "the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant ", "is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell ", "of magic ", "i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . ", "it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera ", ", lacks fellowship 's heart ", "all the stronger ", "process of imparting knowledge . ", "brady ", "light , fun cheese puff ", "nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . ", "of the best short story writing ", "can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "perfunctory conclusion ", "hopes and dreams ", "shrek ", "a generic international version of a typical american horror film ", ", boredom never takes hold . ", "to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood ", "can enjoy as mild escapism ", "grand tour ", "rosenthal ( halloween ii ) ", "who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "succeeded only in making me groggy ", "generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "grand ", "studiously inoffensive ", "a cinematic corpse ", "will have a fun , no-frills ride ", "written so well ", "gathering dust ", "i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . ", "would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? ", "brilliantly written and well-acted ", "could have been much better ", "natural running time ", "half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget ", "trapped and ", "adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . ", "a revealing look at the collaborative process and ", "is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . ", "it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but ", "with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage ", "profound without ever being self-important ", ", one would hope for the best ", "a few laughs ", "that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower ", "the choppy editing ", "one of the worst movies of one year ", "a woefully dull ", "while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances ", "a fascinating glimpse ", "i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie ", "way to entertain or inspire its viewers ", "move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film ", "a funny moment ", "trimmed ", "all its strange quirks ", ", harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . ", "of poetry and passion ", "aimed at mom and dad 's wallet ", "understands the workings of its spirit ", "tries its best ", "this film , which may be why it works as well as it does ", "line between passion and pretence . ", "we care about the story ", "this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . ", "prejudice ", "the three leads produce adequate performances , ", "hawaiian shirt ", "the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . '' ", "would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed ", "loneliness and isolation ", "racism and ", "it 's one tough rock . ", "bad taste ", "little film noir organized crime story ", "starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . ", "humanity or empathy ", "be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop ", "sense-of-humour failure ", "is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ", "the vital comic ingredient ", "an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up ", "brave and sweetly ", "'s only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . ", "spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream ", "in an intricate plot ", "engaging and moving portrait ", "horrible poetry ", "leaving you with some laughs and a smile ", "so crisp and ", "hallmark commercial ", "has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out ", "the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , ", "convincing characters ", "proves that even in sorrow you can find humor ", "the form of dazzling pop entertainment ", "cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . ", "a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor ", "dramatically satisfying ", "the comic elements of the premise , ", "a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ", "that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "very expressive ", "iosseliani ", "with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent ", "a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . ", "'s surprisingly decent ", "from a sharper , cleaner script ", "unforced continuation ", "absurdist ", "bad action-movie line ", "missing a beat ", "the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' ", "like a lazy summer afternoon ", "cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and ", "reading lines ", "a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more ", "rather than real figures ", "flabby ", "has no snap ", "medium-grade network sitcom ", "speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates ", "quirky comedy ", "'s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie ", "stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy ", "i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . ", "a vivid personality ", "with an original idea for a teen movie ", "the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "'s really well directed ", "influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "armed with a game supporting cast ", "it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , ", "one lousy movie . ", "very well shot ", "naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . ", "as subtle and touching as the son 's room ", "( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution ", "nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... ", "girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , ", "superficiality ", "a collage of clich\u00e9s and a dim ", "meditation ) ", "a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . ", "casual filmgoers ", "a lot of energy ", "take before indigestion sets ", "utter sincerity ", "seem like the proper cup of tea ", "well-paced and ", "a deft ", "'s about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it ", "recommend secretary , ", "sags in pace ", "you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer ", "like a documentary in the way ", "little melodramatic ", "uneasy ", "dull , lifeless ", "the salton sea has moments of inspired humor , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . ", "too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script . ", "everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . ", "does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us ", "filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait ", "is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love ", "long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame ", "what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light ", "heavy-handed moralistic ", "well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances ", "messy ", "a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' ", ", the movie is rather choppy . ", "visually atrocious ", "make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season ", "put together with the preteen boy in mind . ", "to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life ", "standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill ", "is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , ", "unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor ", "both exuberantly romantic and serenely ", "one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie ", "high-profile talent ", "an `` ambitious failure ", "this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . ", "a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , ", "may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . ", "( the leads ) are such a companionable couple ", "truly funny bits ", "considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically ", "baked cardboard ", "is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ", "all the filmmakers need to do ", "horrifying and oppressively tragic ", "rape-payback ", "`` superior '' ", "degenerates into hogwash ", "a frustrating ` tweener ' -- ", "a beautiful paean to a time long past ", "how very bad a motion picture can truly be ", "of life and small delights ", "though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his ", "freshness and modesty ", "though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal ", "manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . ", "red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . ", "the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius ", "achingly honest and ", "journey into a philosophical void ", "muddled , ", "a bright future ahead of him ", "dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . ", "blockbuster ", "are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones ", "tank ", "when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters ", "a brilliant piece ", "discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again ", "a charming , banter-filled comedy ", "be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) ", "strikes a very resonant chord ", "for all the dolorous trim ", "an insult to every family ", "many pleasures ", "... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . ", "more than people ", "one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning ", "the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings ", "retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing ", "this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned . ", "cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . ", "the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation ", "the origins ", "a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience ", "swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor ", "paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ", "intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity ", "defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks ", "a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . ", "director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher ", "flat as thinking man ", "incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture ", "their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ", "may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . ", "sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' ", "makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment ", "has little insight ", "as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah ", "so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through ", "all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . ", "the highest production values you 've ever seen ", "spirals downward , ", "has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... ", "even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . ", "this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary ", "being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem ", "it ca n't be dismissed as mindless ", "does n't work as either ", "his own idiosyncratic strain ", "highlight ", "like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm ", "its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting ", "made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ", "as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . ", "extremely unpleasant film ", "scum ", "deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies ", "piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . ", "a terrific date movie ", "works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . ", "as that sentiment ", "ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick ", ", it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . ", "more appealing ", "just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be ", "there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film ", "the most memorable moment ", "the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , ", "the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult ", "familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it ", "the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste ", "it is to be ya-ya ", "ultimately satisfying ", "humankind 's liberating ability ", ", self-important stories ", "rush to the theater ", "polished , ", "moderately successful but ", "it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . ", "bring tissues . ", "brightly colored dreams ", "flashy ", "bigger ", "'s still quite worth ", "some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo ", "great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi ", "an attraction that crosses sexual identity ", "the awe ", "raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before ", "are pretty valuable these days ", "venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", ", a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? ", "it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . ", "never rise above the level of an after-school tv special ", "but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . ", "'s brilliant ", "clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ", "than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album ", "whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story ", "is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . ", "serves up all of that stuff ", "that the only rip off that we were aware of ", "touches smartly and wistfully ", "in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie ", "thriller as lazy ", "by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing ", "it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "the cartoon ", "you might as well be watching it through a telescope ", "sharply ", ", he is always sympathetic . ", "instantly forgettable ", "such a vibrant , colorful world ", "even more predictable ", "most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 ", "admit i walked out of runteldat ", ", and of telling a fascinating character 's story ", "the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman ", "my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... ", "that 's always fun to watch ", "a severe case of hollywood-itis ", "boiling point ", "solid filmmaking ", "its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "charms ", "the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope ", "often shocking but ultimately worthwhile ", "a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . ", "joyful ", "comes off like a hallmark commercial ", "the integrity and vision ", "usual tear ", "this visual trickery ", "more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller ", "badly-rendered ", "it look like a masterpiece ", "cinematic bon bons ", "is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . ", "its amiable jerking ", "of love , longing , and voting ", "of california ", "much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes ", "one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 ", "wise men ", "'s brilliant ` ", "the impressively discreet filmmakers ", ", is repellantly out of control . ", "fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... ", "compassion , sacrifice , and christian love ", ") homage ", "definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . ", "that resonate with profundity ", "everett remains a perfect wildean actor , ", "is truly funny ", "welcomes ", "spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . ", "their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera ", "a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . ", "slightest difficulty ", "takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms ", "affectionately ", "the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ", "is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one ", "pays earnest homage to turntablists ", "director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , ", "more outre aspects ", "`` shock humor '' ", "is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . ", "airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe ", "concentration ", "repetitive and ", "black hawk down with more heart ", "will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned ", "perfectly serviceable ", "lightweight meaning ", "guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today ", "a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale ", "an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . ", "utter mush ... conceited pap . ", "from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids ", "is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . ", "( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . ", "action-packed ", "while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one ", "is what we call the ` wow ' factor ", "is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ", "no particularly memorable effect ", "is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . ", "time fillers between surf shots ", "a rollicking ", "does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre ", "opening up ", "to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance ", "better after foster ", "are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels ", "director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline ", "the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing ", "gentle film ", "offers chills ", "buried at the heart of his story ", ", it still seems endless . ", "is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie ", "a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights ", "is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . ", "best disney movie ", "on johnny knoxville 's stomach ", "manage to keep things interesting ", "the real triumphs in igby ", "on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls ", "should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . ", "this forgettable effort ", "be too narrow to attract crossover viewers ", "her pale , dark beauty and ", "with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "the downward spiral ", "what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . ", "awry ", "see it for his performance if nothing else ", "entertaining and suggestive ", "brought something fresher ", "zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special ", "spare dialogue and acute expressiveness ", "most repugnant ", "the sense of fierce competition ", "it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline ", "an asian neo-realist treasure . ", "outdoes its spectacle . ", "does n't quite know how to fill a frame . ", "mildly engaging central romance ", "is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks ", "of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout ", "a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography ", "i liked about it ", "work up much entertainment value ", "a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . ", "despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . ", "is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . ", "-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- ", "jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , ", "she strikes a potent chemistry with molina ", "its charm ", "follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . ", "stylishly directed with verve ", "a slam-dunk ", "its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse ", "the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard ", "lulls you ", "all too familiar ... ", "exciting ", "explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . ", "ensues are much blood-splattering ", "a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece ", "imitation movie ", "crushingly self-indulgent spectacle ", "elegant ", "feel genuinely good ", "the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art ", "congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it ", "a single iota worse ", "less ambitious ", "urban comedy ", "soulless and ", "to unexpected heights ", "crafty ", "though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal ", "the mysteries of human behavior ", "as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile . ", "to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept ", "beautifully shot ", "does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful ", "the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . ", "convincing way ", "of humor , verve and fun ", "gross romanticization of the delusional personality type ", "something to be taken seriously ", "the supernatural trappings only obscure the message ", ", much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . ", "distract ", "as ugly as the shabby digital photography ", "the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . ", "has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . ", "as a ghost story gone badly awry ", "both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb ", "beautifully animated epic ", "pollution ", "builds its multi-character story ", "pleasant and engaging enough ", "this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . ", "ingenious ", "in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance ", "enter ", "jerking off ", "a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . ", ", the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . ", "giddy and whimsical and relevant today ", "a better script ", "is clearly not zhang 's forte ", "none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . ", "10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . ", "titillating ", "to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images ", "then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound ", "the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . ", "fun to watch ", "the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . ", "both as a historical study and as a tragic love story ", "builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love ", "one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . ", "their computer-animated faces ", "'s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming ", "no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all ", ", haphazard theatrical release ", "the upscale lifestyle ", "that kate is n't very bright , but ", "of an upper class austrian society ", "thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd ", ", godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . ", "the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , ", "will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . ", "here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . ", "'s fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . ", "in bad filmmaking ", "'s hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss ", "place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics ", "a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . ", "by a british cast ", "pleasant piece ", "prettiest pictures ", "pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon ", "silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . ", "a stunning new young talent ", "you feel good , you feel sad , ", "see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year ", "a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . ", "almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ", "what 's most memorable about circuit ", "to which it succeeds ", "the subject with fondness and respect ", "is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . ", "a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . ", "part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin ", "a fun adventure movie ", "i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming ", "of the best and most exciting movies ", "a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . ", "good ideas ", "is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers ", "clich\u00e9s and a dim ", "you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out ", "it an above-average thriller ", "you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "why sex and lucia is so alluring ", "it 's stylishly directed with verve ... ", "of awe ", "sometimes endearing ", "the the wisdom and humor of its subjects ", "as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ", "and as bland ", "this stuck pig ", "one of the greatest films i 've ever seen . ", "are n't your bailiwick ", ", you know the picture is in trouble . ", "'s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . ", "the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . ", "the world 's greatest teacher ", "goes on and on and on and on ", "come away from his film overwhelmed , ", "superior cast ", "-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- ", "the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . ", "maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while ", "the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . ", "joyous romp of a film . ", "wow ", "fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . ", "can see the forest for the trees ", "above its disgusting source material ", "the mundane ", "forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about ", "has a lot of charm . ", "a smart , funny look ", "cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense ", "bad stage dialogue ", "a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . ", "straight from the ages ", "for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . ", "-- a nice , harmless date film ", "for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . ", "the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . ", "the visual flourishes ", "carry the film ", "contest to see who can out-bad-act the other ", "is born to play shaggy ", "too violent and sordid to function as comedy ", "often-funny ", "like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy ", "fax ", "your own precious life ", ", should n't have been made ", "a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic ", "the multi-layers ", "for the earnest emotional core ", "not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing ", "el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . ", "largest-ever historical canvas ", ", incomprehensible , vicious and absurd ", "energetic and original ", "the occasional bursts of sharp writing ", "keep it entertaining ", "the longest 90 minutes ", "a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness ", "from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way ", "like leafing through an album of photos ", "evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . ", "both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . ", "manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes ", "of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence ", "takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers ", "keep them guessing ", "the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , ", "abused ", "is a beautiful film to watch ", "rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary ", "unmistakable , easy ", "elaborate futuristic sets ", "a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . ", "turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "objective documentary ", "it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . ", "all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another ", "it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . ", "have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is ", "does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . ", "is good ", "hatred ", "is enormously good fun . ", "who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings ", "a video helmer ", "that makes as much of a mess as this one ", "great ", "real writer plot ", ", it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . ", "has not spawned a single good film . ", "from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale ", "rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent ", "as filling as the treat of the title ", "a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story ", "the leads are natural and lovely ", "in world cinema ", "whiny and defensive ", "genre-busting film ", "comedy fare ", "uninspired ", "of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone ", "airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . ", "the gift of tears ", "brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) . ", "understand her choices ", "stays close to the ground ", "another best of the year selection . ", "an abyss of clich\u00e9s , depression and bad alternative music ", "dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better ", "certainly ranks as the most original in years . ", "keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "of the most entertaining bonds in years ", "prickly indie comedy ", "it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism ", "steal your heart ", "jumps to the head of the class of women 's films ", "communicate the truth of the world around him ", "tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ", "that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "becomes a part of its fun ", "animated epic ", "enamored ", "( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer . ", "negativity ", ", this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . ", "stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor ", "this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . ", "it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . ", "in its perfect quiet pace ", "like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", "who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb ", "because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat ", "see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "an embarrassment . ", "does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . ", "manufactured to me and artificial ", "its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham ", "far closer than many movies ", "hedonistic creativity ", "is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery ", "wooden performances ", "the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic ", "self-inflicted retaliation ", "crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . ", "to think about the ways we consume pop culture ", "of humankind 's liberating ability ", "just two of the elements that will grab you ", "denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him ", "want my money back ", "at the very least ", "that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer ", "a funny moment or ", "how bad this movie was ", "does little here ", "is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . ", "deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty ", "stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort ", "fashioning an engrossing entertainment out ", "the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . ", "but a tedious picture ", "with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... ", "left me feeling refreshed and hopeful ", "will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker ", "the worthy successor to a better tomorrow ", "does n't disappoint . ", "is funny and pithy , ", "pixar 's ", "great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s ", "have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor ", "rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning . ", "with all its flaws ", "its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting ", "several strong performances ", "does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story ", "`` sorority boys '' was funnier ", "special effect ", "not just ticking , but humming ", "to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script ", "is its personable , amusing cast . ", "incredibly layered and stylistic film ", "larded with exposition ", ", touching ", "do n't bother ", "yet unforgivingly inconsistent ", "desperate for work and food ", "diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance ", "'s not a fresh idea at the core of this tale ", "is warm , inviting , and surprising ", "dangerous and domineering ", "intellect and feeling ", "vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of ", "smallness ", "dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie ", "affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life ", "abuse ", "as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", ", mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . ", "a bad idea ", "is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew ", "somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "marvelous documentary touches ", "blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . ", "is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams ", "( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) ", "make such a worthless film ", "writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity ", "splendor ", "gentle , mesmerizing portrait ", "film lapses ", "flopped ", "have at it ", "found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going ", ", but it is a refreshingly forthright one ", "the film 's reach exceeds its grasp ", "bold ( and lovely ) experiment ", "better films ", "small ... with considerable aplomb ", "a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones ", "is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "listless sci-fi ", "this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie . ", "a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative ", "realized that i just did n't care ", ", after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", "salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon ", "'s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters ", "it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders ", "the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation ", "weird and wonderful comedy ", "leftovers ", "is long on narrative and ( too ) short ", "a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . ", "the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , ", "inexplicable nightmare ", "an erratic career ", "from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood ", "smeary and blurry , ", "with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes ", "fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor ", "by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war ", "the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year ", "is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . ", "heartfelt comedy ", "excellent music ", "smart , compelling drama ", "dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , ", "dazzling pop entertainment ", "i hated myself in the morning . ", "not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . ", "... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . ", "great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art ", "schlocky horror/action hybrid ", "exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming ", "demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted ", "shenanigans and ", "a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family ", "super - ", "is loaded with good intentions ", "needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about ", "every bit as high ", "who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ... ", "most poorly staged and ", "is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years ", "gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . ", "slick and sprightly cgi feature ", "of balto ", "this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . ", "a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life ", "the likes ", "madonna 's ", "common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . ", "if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . ", "innovative backgrounds ", "really poor comedic writing ", "lessen the overall impact the movie could have had ", "it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia ", "it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart . ", "the touch is generally light enough ", "is way , way off . ", "cultivation and ", "will worm its way there ", "not a bad way to spend an hour or two ", "replaced by goth goofiness ", "in how much they engage and even touch us ", "confusion is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . ", "have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense ", "is beyond me . ", "in denial about ", "lacks in action ", "for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why ", "while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . ", "a tendency to sag in certain places ", "purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . ", "in a thriller , and the performances ", "virtuoso throat-singing ", "it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , ", "morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . ", "peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments ", "in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", ", at least terribly monotonous ", "even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player ", "bittersweet drama ", "sit through , enjoy on a certain level ", "cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home ", "is flat . ", "laugther ", "'s a terrible movie in every regard ", "scenery , vibe and all ", "into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "his films ", "is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes ", "made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "like a quickie tv special than a feature film ", "a glimmer ", "instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . ", "influence ", "the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . ", "that 's been done before ", "a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . ", "possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance ", "that i usually dread encountering the most ", "creative animation work ", "if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one . ", "has plenty of laughs ", "terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ", "the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal . ", "imitation ", "has no reason to exist ", "there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , ", "at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar ", "it all unfolds predictably ", "jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , ", "a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... ", "as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis bu\u00f1uel film ", "to the soggy performances ", "warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . ", "the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . ", "constrictive eisenhower era ", "`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . ", "'s quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' ", "the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale ", "uncommonly ambitious ", "much more successful ", "a fascinating curiosity piece -- ", "manipulative claptrap ", "it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such ", "appreciates ", "palpable ", "intrepid ", "its dark , delicate treatment ", "the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . ", "the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . ", "a mawkish self-parody ", "brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "exceptional detail ", "is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . ", "that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages ", "crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . ", "as he was about inner consciousness ", "would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera ", "most jaded cinema audiences ", "muted freak-out ", "the odd enjoyably chewy lump ", "an extremely unpleasant film . ", "believing it was just coincidence ", "up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream ", "pathetic ", "is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime ", "as beautiful ", "the beat of a different drum ", "refined piece ", "albeit a visually compelling one , ", "the ultimate scorsese film ", "must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work ", "of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone ", "a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade ", "the gentle comic treatment ", "the most wondrous love story ", "of a thousand cliches ", "must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees ", "vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . ", "a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . ", "a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes ", "really poor ", "such a well-defined sense ", "aging , suffering ", "will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . ", "represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . ", "makes this a high water mark for this genre ", "unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs ", "in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . ", "i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich\u00e9 ", "inject farcical raunch ", "imaginable ", "of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . ", "adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , ", "is loopy and ludicrous ... ", "cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but ", "almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . ", "are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . ", "is where ararat went astray . ", "one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . ", "been worth caring about ", "'s the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . ", "is this films reason for being . ", "seeking christian-themed fun ", "'s not a single jump-in-your-seat moment ", "a kind ", "rely on an ambiguous presentation ", "pleasant ", "plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . ", "a damn fine ", "exquisitely performed ", "does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency ", "literal ", "for its elegantly colorful look and sound ", "the most oddly honest hollywood document ", "a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't ", "this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . ", "an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . ", "a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination ", "more enjoyable than its predecessor . ", "desolate ", "family warmth ", "generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . ", "painful ", "a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . ", "its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future ", "open-ended questions ", "captivates and shows ", "recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders ", "impression ", "dumbed-down tactics ", "i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , ", "the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . ", "the writing is clever ", "real triumphs ", "a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you ", "it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "works better in the conception than it does in the execution ", "communicates something ", "some visual virtues ", "a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . ", "most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure ", "inspires ", "proved too difficult ", "of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them ", "of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation ", "is spot on ", "is completely lacking in charm and charisma , ", "'re down ", "writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale ", "elbowed aside ", "sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments ", "brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama ", "what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . ", "overbearing and over-the-top as the family ", "could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ", "the jokes are flat ", "employs to authenticate her british persona ", "nausea ", "good sources , ", "gives a superb performance full of deep feeling ", "narc ", "it has made its way into your very bloodstream ", "stale and clich\u00e9d to a fault ", "get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell ", "labute masterfully ", "is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing ", "watch the film twice ", "into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy ", "to place blame ", "uptight , middle ", "it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . ", "come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count ", "ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . ", "does n't manage to hit all of its marks ", "it promised it would be ", ", full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . ", "family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year ", "unfunny ", "a thoughtful movie ", "a rich tale of our times ", "is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . ", "notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour ", "give credit to affleck . ", ", unconvincing ", "a really special walk ", "lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life ", "an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work ", "smoother or more confident ", "a painful lie ", "amiable picture ", "such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ", "contrived , unmotivated ", "colorful look ", "at least a minimal appreciation ", "a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . ", "that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise ", "director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions ", "edward burns ' best film ", "anemic , pretentious ", "starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill ", "shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "delivers more goodies ", "purr ", "more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks ", "a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . ", "it does not attempt to filter out the complexity ", "'s most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces ", "rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ", "which is often preachy and poorly acted ", "feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful ", "the fans are often funny fanatics ", "the top japanese animations of recent vintage ", "on action ", "as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream ", "works more often than it does n't . ", "`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era ", "wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery ", "dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . ", "is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . ", "about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; ", "is effective ", "... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' ", "a great companion piece ", "is disgusting to begin with ", "a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . ", "it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . ", "capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke ", "irksome characters ", ", `` they 're out there ! '' ", "visual splendor ", "sitting through this one ", "give all three stories life ", "to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one ", "to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short ", "its own breezy , distracted rhythms ", "britney 's cutoffs ", "shrewd , powerful act ", "it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . ", "why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? ", "be drawn in by the sympathetic characters ", "no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . ", "a great cast and ", "not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "comedic bliss ", "were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn ", "accomplished oscar winners ", "a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor ", "it trusts the story it sets out to tell . ", "set the cause of woman warriors back decades ", "howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject ", "the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries ", "very best pictures ", "a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ", "exasperating ", "... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . ", "witty dialogue and inventive moments ", "more playful ", "a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . ", "is so pat it makes your teeth hurt ", "are n't ", "welcome to collinwood never catches fire . ", "a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . ", "an extraordinary film , ", "textbook lives ", "does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . ", "undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold ", "a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill ", "touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget ", "many good ideas ", "near virtuosity in its crapulence ", ", it has some problems ", "is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . ", "rife with miscalculations ", "casts its spooky net ", "does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . ", "lazy exercise ", "by men of marginal intelligence ", "career - kids = misery ", "the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . ", "genuine mind-bender . ", "as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing ", "'s only in fairy tales ", "the silver screen ", "a better movie experience ", "quite funny ", "mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . ", "far from disappointing ", "israeli/palestinian conflict as ", "there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck ", "is even lazier and far less enjoyable ", "if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie ", "thrilling ", "it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . ", "have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie ", "makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook ", "powerful act ", "miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world ", "of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout ", "villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . ", "an alfred hitchcock movie ", "in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers ", "is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ", "endearing and easy ", "no amount of imagination , ", "the intrigue from the tv series ", "... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . ", "raffish charm ", "a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling ", "gleefully ", "against governmental odds ", "i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ", "noble failure . ", "... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . ", "ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative ", "derivativeness ", "attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern ", ", i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . ", "disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter ", "fortify this turgid fable ", "self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "that for the most part , the film is deadly dull ", "a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey ", "a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender ", "tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . ", "the cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type ", "executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond ", "several plodding action sequences ", "a low-budget series ", "if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright ", "of the stand-up comic ", "the proper conviction ", "of exceptional honesty ", "engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces ", "predictably conventional ", "squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula ", "you 're a comic fan ", "the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . ", "you 're in a slap-happy mood ", "the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little ", "to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros ", "even worse than its title ", "most sparkling ", "it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . ", "broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . ", "in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol ", "bratty ", "... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . ", ", stylized humor throughout ", "an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut ", "75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie ", "a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder ", "this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- ", "covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature ", "some genuine spontaneity ", "seems timely and important ", "cross swords with the best of them and ", "sabotaged ", "his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles ", "is certainly easy to watch ", "grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "all portent and no content ", "until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . ", "brought down by lousy direction . ", "a cheap scam ", "whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : ", "an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", "of stunning images and effects ", "mesmerizing one ", "takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . ", "philosophers , not filmmakers ", "the backstage angst ", "are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . ", "clean and ", "you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer ", "ear-splitting ", "its worst harangues ", "that surprises or delights ", "some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time . ", "a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either . ", "more fun watching a documentary ", "who could too easily become comic relief in any other film ", "thriller junk ", "a big letdown ", "personal low ", "he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . ", "had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . ", "compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject ", "the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . ", "a technically superb film ", "vulgar dialogue and ", "a tawdry b-movie scum ", "who makes martha enormously endearing ", "yiddish stage ", "a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ", "sweetest thing ", "also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality ", "has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . ", "shambles ", "did i miss something ? '' ", "for something entertaining ", "a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert ", "it does in trouble every day ", "utterly incompetent conclusion ", "michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ", "got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane ", "it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . ", "why human beings long for what they do n't have ", "worst sense ", "tackles more than she can handle ", "in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . ", "if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . ", "does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . ", "the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian ", "'re left with a sour taste in your mouth ", "it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . ", ", builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with ", "the mess that is world traveler ", "some worthwhile themes ", "demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , ", "bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . ", "much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever ", "is filled with strange and wonderful creatures ", "is a disaster . ", "assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony ", "flawless film ", "letting go at all the wrong moments ", "culture-clash comedy ", "not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . ", "bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve ", "who normally could n't care less ", ", but it 's great cinematic polemic ", "love , longing , and ", "a funny yet dark and seedy clash ", "gooding is the energetic frontman ", "unpleasant excuse ", "good film ", "god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' ", "a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . ", "terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase ", "a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough ", ", pasty lumpen ", "while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media ", "is good , except its timing . ", "only unsatisfactorily ", "truly larger-than-life ", "is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . ", "parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' ", "many of these guys are less than adorable ", "wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . ", "amazing slapstick ", "more entertaining , ", "- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . ", "all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "improves on it , ", "few new converts ", "alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . ", "a powerful sequel and ", "a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . ", "is full of charm ", "recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal ", "in `` unfaithful ", "hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , ", "as rude and profane ", "are uncomfortably strained ", "ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up ", "even predictable remake ", "wiser ", "is a genuinely bone-chilling tale ", "profanity and violence ", "intimate and intelligent ", "that both thrills the eye and ", "as bad ", "impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect ", "lacks balance ", "coen brothers ", "love the piano teacher ", "with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise ", "show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn ", "stirring , funny ", "into such fresh territory ", "well together ", "of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "genuine ones ", "a self-reflexive , philosophical nature ", "berry 's saucy , ", "` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore ", "fierce grandeur ", "when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene ", "pass this stinker off ", "unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . ", "a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations . ", "admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies ", "prime mystery ", "13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . ", "leguizamo and jones are both excellent and ", "did i miss something ", "definitely worth 95 minutes ", "without any of its satirical ", "by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . ", "i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . ", "under-inspired , overblown enterprise ", "too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience ", "the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . ", ", then triple x marks the spot . ", "'s as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ", "pointless , tasteless and idiotic ", "you will likely prefer to keep on watching . ", "an engaging storyline , ", "a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe ", "suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness ", "the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . ", "of common sense ", "austerity and forcefulness ", "'s also undeniably exceedingly clever ", "that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy ", ", empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . ", "a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking ", "would not likely be so stupid as to get ", "mobius strip ", "the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . ", "highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . ", "family ", "i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ", "to the brim with ideas ", "was going to be really awful ", ", barbershop is tuned in to its community . ", "a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple ", "this animated adventure ", "sixties ' rockumentary milestones ", "roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - ", "to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . ", "a fair share ", "out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment ", "works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun ", "her agreeably startling use ", "give a second look if we passed them on the street ", "a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ", "make a great team ", "with most of the big summer movies ", "4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , ", "establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : ", "never inspired ", "a film 's title served such dire warning ", "speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . ", "sumptuous stream ", "worth the journey ", "of the little mermaid and aladdin ", "fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . ", "could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ", "an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness ", "the best actors there is ", "it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't ", "will have fun with ", "two surefire , beloved genres ", "keep you watching , as will the fight scenes ", "she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , ", "life-changing ", "report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - ", "there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . ", "seamless and sumptuous stream ", "live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it ", "is a wonderful thing ; ", "'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . ", "sexual and romantic ", "create a complex , unpredictable character ", ", david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . ", "a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie ", "could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . ", "that 's neither original nor terribly funny ", "is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year ", "boring and ", "like the work of someone ", "frida gets the job done . ", "of isolation and frustration ", "riveting and surprisingly romantic ride ", "no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 ", "especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "full of stunning images and effects ", "is still charming here ", "all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . ", "by the standards of knucklehead swill ", "romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going ", "a fierce dance ", "so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but ", "the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ", "the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure ", "the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ", "suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", ", poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull ", "how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie ", "poetic road movie ", "an erotic thriller that ", "each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ", "why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? ", "brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch ", "motivate ", "in rapt attention ", "fill time ", "allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , ", "create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . ", "as well as a masterfully made one ", "remotely probing or penetrating . ", "much as i laughed throughout the movie ", "totalitarian ", "interesting concept ", "a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "you 'll end up moved . ", "watchable . ", "writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , ", "left slightly disappointed ", "it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . ", "a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and ", "the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . ", "is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . ", "becomes instead a grating endurance test . ", "could hardly ", "the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better ", "harm ", "enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity ", ", there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . ", "artificial ", "starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying ", "business plans ", "suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . ", "arresting image ", "this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but ", "keep you watching , ", "a stylish cast ", "standard formula ", "'s hard to resist ", "to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick ", "is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "irresponsible sandlerian ", "its inescapable absurdities ", "of hollywood heart-string plucking ", "this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun ", "sincere ", "of warmth and humor ", "a full-frontal attack on audience patience ", "taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . ", "the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . ", "slight and uninventive ", "music and life ", "in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row ", "that could have been much better ", "not scary ", ", you know there 's something there . ", "borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism ", "to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd ", ", they 'll probably run out screaming . ", "spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) ", "kate is n't very bright ", "avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and ", "a weary journalist ", "a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed ", "leaden and ", "is the central flaw of the film ", "sucks , but has a funny moment or two . ", "holds up ", "seriously bad film ", "he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ", "is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . ", "badly-rendered cgi effects ", "this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . ", "gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways ", "of the finest ", "excuse for a film ", "eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . ", "formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , ", "delightful comedy ", "` life affirming ' ", "have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else ", "sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati ", "merit its 103-minute length ", "stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere ", "what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre ", "finely detailed ", "delightfully charming -- and totally american ", "an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability ", "the way home ", "formulaic , ", "like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ", "no thanks . ", "shimmeringly lovely ", "about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 ", "you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , ", "( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . ", "able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man ", "to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "nice to see what he could make with a decent budget ", "it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . ", "a charmer ", "constricted ", "capable cast ", "( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but ", "must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' ", "a film that will enthrall the whole family . ", "on par with the first one ", "pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus ", "does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ", "decent popcorn adventure ", "piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes ", "watch , giggle ", "kudos to the most enchanting film of the year ", "many of the things that made the first one charming ", "instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . ", "a boring man ", "kill the effect ", "to tear your eyes away from the images ", "accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . ", "unbearably lame . ", "this is the most visually unappealing . ", "evolves ", "he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes ", "called the best korean film of 2002 ", "sillier , cuter , and ", "is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics ", "a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it ", "maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips ", "schnieder ", ", time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . ", "for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ", "better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh ", "overflows with wisdom and emotion . ", "what should have been a painless time-killer ", "the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff\u00e9 and demi moore ", "payne has created a beautiful canvas , ", "by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . ", "vivid characters and a warm , moving message ", "perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters ", "but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . ", "seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock ", "great to look at ", "revigorates ", "should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title ", "does n't add up ", "our best achievements and other times ", "circa ", "the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ", "the burning sensation ", "the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film ", "inviting ", "obvious copy ", "hokey ", "ended so damned ", "a compassionate ", "that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed ", "comic touch ", "the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts ", "fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . ", "the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . ", "that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . ", "recommended -- ", "warm ", "is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . ", "undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards ", "which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler ", "revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s ", "of lazy humor ", "'d rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls ", "significantly different ( and better ) ", "garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... ", "braveheart as well as ", "this movie is 90 minutes long , and ", "manages to bring something new into the mix ", "notice the flaws ", "watchable up until the point ", "a cutesy romantic tale ", "makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult ", "the soul of a man in pain ", "beautiful canvas ", "painfully awful ", "costner 's ", "to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other ", "deserving of discussion ", "inject some real vitality and even art ", "that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country ", "an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . ", "lurid and less than lucid work . ", "intimidated by both her subject matter ", "the integrity ", "change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies ", "little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ", "hard-driving narcissism is a given ", "scoring high for originality of plot ", "this engaging mix of love and bloodletting ", "'s packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen ", "predictably ", "the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . ' ", "good a job as anyone ", "ambition ", "just how well ", "a good yarn ", "indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens ", "be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back ", "unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . ", "the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just ", "its love of life and beauty ", "i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking ", ", vicious and absurd ", "confusing and horrifying vision ", "glorious ", "flopping ", "the book 's irreverent energy ", ", this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . ", "to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "a treat ", "as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care ", "loved classic ", "the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses ", "the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . ", "mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . ", "you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . ", "a bold ( and lovely ) experiment ", "a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist ", "it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . ", "as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form ", "director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage . ", "remarkable movie ", "are an absolute joy ", "this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom . ", "it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . ", "gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth ", "is a truly , truly bad movie . ", "you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . ", "is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex ", "interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience ", "character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller ", "a shaky , uncertain film ", "it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently ", "in this forgettable effort ", "graduated ", "an overwhelming pleasure ", "lacks dramatic punch and depth ", "did n't hollywood think of this sooner ", "-- worst of all -- ", "if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter ", "the worst sin ", "our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", "uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . ", "trusts the story it sets out to tell . ", "hip hop beat ", ", giggly little story ", "in making me groggy ", "a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films ", "the viewer wide-awake all the way through ", "two hours of junk . ", "ca n't remember a single name responsible for it ", "it 's quite fun in places . ", "several cliched movie structures ", "an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . ", "take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture ", "the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then ", "simply stupid , irrelevant ", "is enormously good fun ", "the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times ", "exciting ", "exercise in style and mystification ", "any number of metaphorical readings ", "be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow ", "bland murder-on-campus ", "wise and deadpan humorous . ", "attributable to a movie like this ", "that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion ", "an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of ", "this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom ", "occasion ", "leaves a bitter taste ", ", you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . ", "painfully forced , false and fabricated ", "developed with more care ", "is hard to resist ", "about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , ", "kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . ", "far more entertaining than i had expected ", "a dirty old man ", "great submarine stories ", "are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . ", "the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves ", "consistently sensitive ", "freshman ", "as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone ", "-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen . ", "the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl ", "the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious ", "insignificant ", "typical late-twenty-somethings natter ", "little more than a well-mounted history lesson . ", "inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "as a numbingly dull experience ", "the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . ", "evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s ", "pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . ", "performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career ", "whose meaning and ", "attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire ", "dead gorgeous ", "do n't ", "a complex psychological drama ", "a breakthrough ", "should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting ", "the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness ", "this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . ", "if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals ", "a charismatic charmer ", "unpredictable comedy ", "got a house full of tots -- do n't worry ", "inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening ", "leave you cold ", ", painful ", "need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . ", "overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . ", "follows the formula , ", "is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia ", "the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . ", "comic fan ", "horribly ", "is well crafted , and well executed . ", ", the more details slip out between his fingers . ", "this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . ", "of these despicable characters ", "joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , ", "most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . ", "bad behavior ", "thanks to the ch\u00e2teau 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . ", "their parents ", ", miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . ", "anger and ", "from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman ", ", sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . ", "with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it ", "pretentious , ", "will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have ", "is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring ", "vibrant and intoxicating ", "a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . ", "the crap continues . ", "been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times ", "to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", "is a little tired ", "mummy and the mummy returns ", "no surprises . ", "takes the most unexpected material ", "piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art ", "motionless characters ", "quite enough of them ", "his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters ", "intricately structured and well-realized drama ", "surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving ", "it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . ", "the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "never quite justifies its own existence . ", ", why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? ", "payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . ", "'s not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . ", "does hold up pretty well . ", "be captivated ", "a funny yet dark ", "your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts ", "'s a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni ", "the action here is unusually tame ", "seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . ", "'s the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be ", "with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline ", "true and heartbreaking ", "its relaxed , natural-seeming actors ", "high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation ", "a beautifully ", "theological ", ", more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite ", "soar . ", "delightful , if minor , ", "drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine ", "transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision ", "the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . ", "its perfunctory conclusion ", "dodge ", "the long and eventful spiritual journey ", "suited ", "alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life ", "sentimental ", "a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film ", "i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . ", "have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role ", "has a good line in charm ", "more than ably ", "many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience ", "is the only winner ", ", i did n't care . ", "be so stupid ", "like an extreme action-packed film ", "outdoes its spectacle ", "a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make . ", "true cinematic knack ", "it 's not scary in the slightest ", "too long , and larded with exposition ", "is out of his league ", "earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . ", "profane ", "make this surprisingly decent flick ", "has far more energy ", "the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing ", "robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows ", "puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting ", "you might want to check it out ", "no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out ", "in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way ", "wazoo and sets ", "the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . ", "convincing ", "has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic ", "interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and ", "be this good ", "takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time ", "gets too cloying ", "competence ", "maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . ", "driven by the pathetic idea ", "love liza 's tale ", "of one unstable man ", "tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ", "makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . ", "turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing ", "that actually has something interesting to say ", "hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters ", "annoyed ", "this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . ", "of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ", "expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . ", "super heroes ", "groan and ", "a career-defining revelation ", "eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . ", "rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle ", "he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle ", "anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie ", "female friendship that men can embrace ", "be clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "low , very low ", "strong first act ", "is worth seeing ", "ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . ", "as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes ", "given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it ", "a great american adventure and ", "oo many of these gross out scenes ", "find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating ", "a nice , harmless date film ", "creepy stories ", "manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents ", "ugly ideas ", "clueless ", "grating and tedious ", "'s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events ", "witty , "], "label": [1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1]}
{"sentence": [", the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . ", "smart and ", "we do n't even like their characters . ", "some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood ", "every gag two or three times ", "fairly weak ", "a strong first act and ", "proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . ", "staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films ", "some special qualities and ", "to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire ", "a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together . ", "an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . ", "it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time ", "is in his element ", "is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is ", "a stab at soccer hooliganism , ", "a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . ", "funny and touching ", "pieces of the famous director 's life ", "a gleefully grungy ", "of faith ", "silly horror movies ", "to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense ", "a very very strong `` b + ", "a wise and powerful tale ", "griffiths ' warm and winning central performance ", "sappy situations and dialogue ", ", unlikable characters ", "juicy role ", "the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey ", "aspired ", ", more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . ", "spielberg 's first real masterpiece ", "flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . ", "wedgie ", "with raw urban humor ", "employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . ", "seems hopelessly juvenile . ", "complex and quirky , but ", "yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . ", "coordinated his own dv poetry ", "muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . ", "mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady ", "a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame . ", "disappointment coming ", "a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale ", "some robust and scary entertainment ", "a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . ", "one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates ", "banal , virulently unpleasant excuse ", "it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america ", "armageddon ", "whether jason x is this bad on purpose ", "to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "sordid of human behavior on the screen ", "hitting your head ", "brought to life on the big screen . ", "is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "the right choices at every turn ", "it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . ", "handles it in the most unexpected way ", "seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . ", "this project was undertaken ", "ill-conceived and expensive project ", "a glib but bouncy bit ", "unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . ", "complete mess ", "go see this delightful comedy ", "the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", "an american tragedy ", "and crude film ", "overly familiar scenario ", "bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes ", "fly with most intelligent viewers ", "touching good sense on the experience of its women ", "for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm ", "prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense ", "meets those standards ", "fascinating study ", "in fact , the best in recent memory ", "references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "loose ", "is that the entire exercise has no real point ", "a film of quiet power ", "it 's awfully entertaining to watch . ", ", much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . ", "so boring ", "color and depth , ", ", good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . ", "has enough moments to keep it entertaining . ", "safe conduct is anything but languorous . ", "sympathetic characters ", "story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' ", "thoroughly enjoyed the love story ", "to make the formula feel fresh ", "'ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport ", "of the avant-garde fused with their humor ", "it 's tough to watch , ", "holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . ", "boring movie ", "compelling plots ", "complex and quirky , but entirely believable ", "generally light enough ", "the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . ", "'s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos ", "how much they engage and even touch us ", "both lead performances are oscar-size . ", "'s awfully entertaining to watch ", "plot , characters , ", "enthralling ", "little more than punishment ", "the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull ", "too late ", "is well worth seeing ", "too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . ", "sheer dynamism ", ", safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . ", "one very funny joke and ", "run-of-the-mill . ", "like a splendid meal ", "uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . ", "cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine ", "barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . ", "from being a total rehash ", "is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol ", "that is worthy of our respect ", "is on full , irritating display ", "delicious dialogue ", "a long shot ", ", well-developed characters ", "formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . ", "after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood ", "the sally jesse raphael atmosphere ", "who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching ", "an intimate feeling , ", "may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards ", "of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster ", "'d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . ", "grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length ", "is both gripping and compelling ", "a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud ", "satisfying destination ", "a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . ", "laughed at ", "disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "a larger-than-life figure ", "'s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings ", "creep the living hell out of you ", "crazy , mixed-up films ", "fails on so many levels ", "busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte ", "new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers ", "bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon ", ", there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . ", "rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage ", "hollywood road ", "` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' ", "squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . ", "insomnia ", "for most movies , 84 minutes is short ", "are far more alienating than involving ", "skip the film ", "is dark , brooding and slow , ", "zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but ", "left slightly disappointed that it did n't ", "of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace ", "laugh as well . ", "is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . ", "spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . ", "of the most inventive ", "sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ", "a solid , spooky entertainment ", "sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness ", "introspective and ", "can be fertile sources of humor ", "the fantastic and ", ", ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . ", "peculiar and always entertaining costume drama ", "to endure every plot contrivance that the clich\u00e9-riddled genre can offer ", "cannon 's confidence and ", "crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and ", "'s not too much of anything ", "huge mess ", "it will probably be a talky bore . ", "worst movie ", "solid formula ", "refreshing and ", "are all more than competent ", "from their incessant whining ", "hypermasculine ", "gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' ", "the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . ", "appear foolish and shallow ", "traditional romantic ", "that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography ", "kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie ", "based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ", "a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace ", "in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity ", ", the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . ", "stays there for the duration ", "a simple message ", "a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior ", "in venice ", "a dumb comedy ", "a mobius strip ", "davis ", "as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle ", "with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . ", "everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . ", "proud in its message ", "sanctimonious , self-righteous and ", "a nicely understated expression of the grief ", "believe that people have lost the ability to think and ", "the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . ", "to suspense thriller ", "a welcome improvement ", "more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . ", "'s an entertaining and informative documentary ", "nazi politics and aesthetics ", "kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies ", "all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat . ", "a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . ", "a corn dog ", "-- and gross -- ", "was hard for me ", "deserving of its oscar nomination ", "timeless and ", "genuine narrative ", "simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ", "the barn-burningly bad movie ", "see over and over ", "imax trip ", "been edited at all ", "'s amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media ", "it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . ", "mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going ", "one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . ", "the believability of the entire scenario ", "a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing ", "come with the warning ", "the computer and ", "actually means to face your fears ", "with the unexplained baboon cameo ", ", it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . ", "is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed ", "the best performance ", "fuzzy ", "tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough ", "has rewards ", "gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic ", "my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . ", "attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one ", "primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of ", "a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it ", "an achingly enthralling premise , ", "together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . ", "is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . ", "would do better elsewhere ", "terribly obvious ", "the best comedy concert movie ", "the best straight-up ", "the consequences ", "gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner ", "the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge ", "compassionate ", "supposedly funny movie ", "are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces ", "sweet , genuine chemistry ", "nothing about this movie ", "remarkable yet shockingly ", "anything sandler ", "for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view ", "the action clich\u00e9s ", "an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet\u00e9 and sophistication . ", "such a good job ", "enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . ", "is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane ", "impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant ", ", someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . ", "it 's tremendously moving ", "a lovely , eerie film ", ", finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee ", "took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and ", "moments of inspired humor ", "to sloppy plotting ", "made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort ", "feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks ", "all-out ", "at least funny ", "of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot ", "as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california ", "that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes ", "one step further ", "a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women ", "a vibrant whirlwind ", "in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat ", "'ll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ' ", "the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ", "french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition ", "it 's an entertaining movie , ", "seen in years ", "could bond while watching a walk to remember . ", "a dazzling dream of a documentary . ", "it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . ", "entirely successful ", "moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing ", "affectation ", "conventional but heartwarming ", "french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music ", "a core ", "of 2-day old coke ", "is its reliance on formula , though ", "a quirky comedy ", "a romantic crime comedy ", "has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet ", "monumental ", "this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . ", "in fact , it 's quite fun in places . ", "have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale ", "`` interesting '' ", "it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress . ", "the adjective ` gentle ' applies ", ", it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ", "reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth ", "the amazing film work ", "with enough unexpected twists ", "to the awfulness of the movie ", "is both stimulating and demanding . ", "of tastelessness and gall ", "feeling guilty ", "fall together without much surprise ", "an old-fashioned drama ", "is a lot more bluster than bite . ", "grant is certainly amusing ", "see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles ", "'s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it ", "wrong with this ricture ", "block ", "with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . ", "style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story ", "take me back to a time before i saw this movie ", "of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "it 's not just a feel-good movie ", "that this is n't something to be taken seriously ", "the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- ", "what he does best ", "wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and ", "comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won ", "features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . ", "in a dead-end existence ", "a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't . ", "is its utter sincerity ", "captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could ", "a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic ", "dry humor ", "from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances ", "think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn ", "has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . ", "gentle , unforced intimacy ", "romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . ", "watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination ", "it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . ", "definitely tasty and sweet ", "fails on its own , but ", "forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five ", "love robin tunney ", "offensive , puerile and ", "does n't completely ", "gentle and engrossing ", "a low-rent retread ", "the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . ", "not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "is in his element here ", "college keg party ", "is better than ` shindler 's list ' ", "... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' ", "profound cinema ", ", potent exploration ", "part of that delicate canon ", "the most original fantasy film ", "mattel ", "grows on you ", "mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . ", "of hype ", "think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline ", "insipid ", "that would set it apart from other deep south stories ", "a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families ", "of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes ", "jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end ", "achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence ", "'s an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . ", "a creepy and dead-on performance ", "i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , ", "has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side . ", "preciousness ", "style and flash ", "poetry in motion captured on film . ", "backbone ", "gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging ", "continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "best little ", "perfectly serviceable and ", "by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing ", "are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns ", "... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . ", "animation work ", "an extraordinary film ", "been cobbled together onscreen ", "very talented but underutilized ", "a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . ", ", i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . ", "richer and more observant ", "like any of these despicable characters ", "is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations ", "its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , ", "fantasized ", "one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . ", "a fine effort ", "bucked the odds ", "hip ' ", "with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . ", "have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode ", "into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ", "'s been done before ", "a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . ", "it would be better to wait for the video . ", "full of charm ", "'s still not a good movie ", "fun , curiously adolescent movie ", ", absurd , ", "very attractive about this movie ", "' the play more has partly closed it down . ", "thriller remarkable ", "the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . ", "fascinating little thriller ", "the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . ", "downhill ", "are simply too good ", "the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . ", "... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . ", "largely flat and uncreative ", "hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. ", "visually graceful ", "camouflage how bad his movie is ", "a minimalist beauty ", "even life on an aircraft carrier -- ", "among the best films of the year ", "overwrought and crudely literal ", "revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style ", "by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company ", "creating an intriguing species of artifice ", "the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians . ", "it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . ", "her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . ", "the sheer ugliness ", ", retro uplifter . ", "an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . ", "piano ", "really get inside of them ", "anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime ", "it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking ", "trite , predictable rehash ", "strands his superb performers in the same old story ", "virtually no understanding ", "matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible ", "the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 ", "more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out ", "adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism ", "invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ", "a ruffle in what is already an erratic career ", "sickening thud ", "hopkins/rock collision ", "humor and heart and ", "nifty plot line ", "with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look ", "interesting ", "overlong and not well-acted ", "the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . ", "one part romance novel , ", "so heartwarmingly motivate ", "will likely prefer to keep on watching ", "what begins brightly ", "showing off ", "petty ", "intellect ", "usual intelligence and subtlety ", "a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ", "muck ", "academy award ", "begins with promise , but runs ", ", excruciatingly tedious ", "disconcertingly slack ", "much of it is funny ", "'s most refreshing about real women have curves ", "fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . ", "shows crushingly little curiosity about , ", "'ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy ", "the results are honest ", "find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ", "taboo ", "the minds and hearts of many ", "overwhelmingly ", "is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery ", "with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ", "a touching , transcendent love story ", "a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . ", "your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . ", "direction and especially charm ", "such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ", "a good , hard yank ", "does n't quite get there ", "is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way ", "is n't particularly funny ", "the heart of the film ", "the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine . ", "hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy ", "a cold movie ", "rich ", "the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . ", "it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it ", "to enjoy for a lifetime ", "the picture is so lovely toward the end ", "... a bland murder-on-campus yawner . ", ", for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent ", "have a case of masochism and an hour and a half ", "as obvious as telling a country skunk ", "assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and ", "australia is a weirdly beautiful place ", "a clever exercise ", "low , very low , very ", "ate ", "assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation ", "is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors ", "mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ", "most surprising thing ", "artificial structure ", "all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability ", "have n't laughed that hard in years ! ", "cold , gray ", "relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty ", "to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame ", "imitative ", "far-fetched ", "this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many ", "a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but ", "serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff ", "featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . ", "is careless and unfocused ", "endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long ", "the ` ick ' in ` classic ", "curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget ", "pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet ", "disquieting ", "raw-nerved story ", "an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece ", "bibbidy-bobbidi-bland ", "shoot something on crummy-looking videotape ", "if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve ", "doltish and ", "if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . ", "gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "'s as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows ", "richly entertaining and suggestive ", "try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward ", "is predictable ", "with a chase to end all chases ", "a spoof comedy ", "best about ", "the numerous scenes ", "a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics ", "the sexual politics too smug ", "fact , the best in recent memory ", "sand 's masculine persona ", "smoothly sinister freddie ", "a sour attempt ", "deep or ", "the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . ", "and well-made entertainment ", "it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy ", "could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . ", "dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted ", "refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man ", "dullest ", "without reeking of research library dust ", "that watching it leaves you giddy ", "it should pay reparations to viewers . ", "is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 ", "'s crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins ", "you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one ", "`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . ", "i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further ", "much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance ", "often touching ", "the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars ", "creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , ", "as a story of dramatic enlightenment ", "quieter domestic scenes ", "tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down . ", "over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time ", "frustratingly timid and soggy ", "the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight ", "olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ", "may be shallow ", "modestly surprising movie ", "skip ", "borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . ", "ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . ", "walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked ", "better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . ", "transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil ", "recommend the film ", "catch it ... if you can ", "a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie . ", "result in a movie that works against itself . ", "be good ", "'ll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . ", "is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . ", "beautiful , ", "contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone ", "girls , who learns that believing in something does matter ", "angel of death ", "will make you laugh ", "invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow ", "feeling guilty for it ", "leon ", "metropolis is a feast for the eyes . ", "reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled ", "in private ", "'s waltzed itself into the art film pantheon ", "of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games ", "it is spooky and subtly in love with myth ", "the vagueness of topical excess ", "a tarantino movie with heart ", "in his right mind ", "action man clich\u00e9 atop wooden dialogue ", "a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . ", "particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "constantly touching , ", "messiness ", "tiresome ", ", the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . ", "by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . ", "the sad schlock merchant ", "a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather . ", "if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ", "it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . ", "seagal ran out of movies years ago ", "is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . ", "signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination ", "focus , point and purpose ", "as the original ", "a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up ", "it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . ", "contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii ", "cgi effects ", "should stop trying to please his mom ", "have a hard time ", "an equally miserable film ", "say it was a guilty pleasure ", "character creations ", "swallow its absurdities and crudities ", "though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . ", "limp biscuit ", "feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority ", "remarkable ensemble cast ", "inconceivable ", "doze off ", "but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . ", "a riveting , brisk delight ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; ", "( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers ", "empty ", "in its own way ", "its excellent storytelling , ", "made for the big screen , some for the small screen ", "in the songs translate well to film ", "a gentle waking coma ", "` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' ", "perfectly pitched web ", "intriguing plot ", "nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ", ", amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . ", "twinkly-eyed ", ", lan yu never catches dramatic fire . ", "the thematic ironies are too obvious ", "aching ", "is easily ", "a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- ", ", they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . ", "it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . ", "to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel ", "shines in her quiet blue eyes ", "being snared in its own tangled plot ", "fantastic dual performance ", "small but rewarding comedy ", "to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' ", "does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller ", "who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate ", "builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia ", "deliver ", "milked ", "want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned ", "need comforting fantasies about mental illness ", "virtue ", "talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing . ", "'s anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair ", "her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "the magic ", "foolish and shallow ", "got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation ", "liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances ", "real laughs ", "putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest ", "life 's ultimate losers ", "insightful moments ", "got a place in your heart for smokey robinson ", ", she 's appealingly manic and energetic . ", "elegantly appointed period drama ", "undistinguished ", "rolling over in their graves ", "contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion ", "mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . ", ", far more meaningful story ", "our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and ", "work -- is charming , ", "multi-character story ", "is a mediocre movie trying to get out ", "two dimension tale ", "is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . ", "mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "loud , low-budget and tired ", "mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . ", ", it 's also somewhat clumsy . ", "takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . ", "a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing ", "'' winner ", "monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . ", "the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times ", "hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . ", "slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation ", "with the weak payoff ", "know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama ", "a bit of a phony relationship ", "turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . ", "slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption ", "rowdy participants ", "ruined by amateurish writing and acting ", "vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . ", ", sad dance ", "ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling ", "the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians ", "an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes ", "smart and taut . ", "spare wildlife ", "worthless film ", "of astonishing grandeur ", "the rich promise ", "benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth ", "a re-hash of the other seven films ", "odd movies ", "mesmerised ", "utter mush ", "so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness ", "unparalleled proportions ", "be an attempt at hardass american ", "that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "humor and bite ", "have been better off staying on the festival circuit ", "of a brutal mid ", "family audience ", "loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience ", "'s still a guilty pleasure to watch ", "to the edge of your seat ", "talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing ", "recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . ", "well shot ", "some outrageously creative action ", "is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . ", "from largely flat and uncreative moments ", "its own most damning censure ", "ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar ", "incongruous summer playoff ", "was right to cut ", "are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . ", "never once predictable ", "except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . ", "a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived ", "i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't ", "admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations ", "bogged down ", "little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . ", "its fusty squareness ", "slim hopes and dreams ", "simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ", "constant smiles ", "of impact and moments ", "channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine ", "the unconditional love she seeks ", "those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . ", "of their first full flush of testosterone ", "barbershop is n't as funny as it should be ", "the actors involved in the enterprise ", "seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain ", "a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes ", "inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear ", "work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse ", "an uninspired philosophical epiphany ", "in the long-winded heist comedy ", "there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all ", "a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) ", "if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you ", "said to squander jennifer love hewitt ", "when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air ", "no good answer to that one ", "will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . ", "get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . ", "lacks in substance ", "is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay ", "this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . ", "sordid universe ", "a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor ", "neither is it as smart ", "not to be dismissed ", "coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker ", "by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion ", "urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte ", "it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied ", "a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils ", "frank capra 's classic ", "driver and goodfellas ", "with sean penn 's monotone narration ", "his personal obstacles ", "what annoyed me most about god is great ", "'s a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . ", "that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . ", "a bad movie , just mediocre ", "sensual delights and simmering violence ", "an mtv , sugar hysteria , and ", "has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience ", "it 's just not very smart . ", ", it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . ", "lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . ", "about existential suffering ", "for one splendidly cast pair ", "ordinary , pasty lumpen ", "sappy dialogue ", "also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare ", "this mess of a movie ", "shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ", "brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans ", "desultory ", "quirky , charming ", "to being very funny ", "sublimely beautiful ", "paranoia ", "most personal ", "is boring ", "an otherwise excellent film ", "own meager weight ", "one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year ", "becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten ", "is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy ", "a few tasty morsels ", "i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . ' ", "the perfect movie many have made it out to be ", "we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher ", "makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness ", "makes a wonderful subject for the camera . ", "becomes a sermon for most of its running time ", "funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful ", "a choppy ending ", "feels like three hours ", "-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . ", "a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock ", "dwells ", "the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "abysmally pathetic ", "confessions may not be a straightforward bio ", "to have the best of both worlds ", "playful spirit ", "to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "speaks volumes , ", "dullingly repetitive ", "more good than great ", "heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ", "the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . ", "a great way to spend 4 units of your day ", "only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters ", "there are many tense scenes in trapped ", "growth ", "it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . ", "'s something of the ultimate scorsese film ", "funny , sexy ", "these things ", "comforting ", "an intoxicating show ", "refreshing to see a romance this smart ", "by exceptional performances ", "'s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "light , silly , photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . ", "by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy ", "the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . ", "sell us on this twisted love story ", "into a future they wo n't much care about ", "meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story ", "toward keeping the picture compelling ", "it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . ", "as do the girls ' amusing personalities ", ", one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . ", "wry and engrossing ", "a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . ", "if the suspense never rises to a higher level ", "an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- ", "makes a wonderful subject for the camera ", "this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men ", "... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . ", "the superficially written characters ramble ", "cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release ", "increasingly implausible as it ", "it can do even more damage ", "'s funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot ", "in an inarticulate screenplay ", "the maudlin way its story unfolds ", "rumor ", "the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- ", "from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified ", "dim-witted ", "disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling ", "accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people ", "enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages ", "sweet and modest ", "reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully ", "a full experience ", "rap and r&b names ", "repetitively ", "overwrought comedy/drama ", "the unique way shainberg ", "serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . ", "this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . ", "clear-eyed portrait ", "ponderous and charmless ", "good surprise ending ", "like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ", "period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans ", "skip but film buffs should get to know ", ", but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining ", "putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . ", "that is n't afraid to admit it ", "stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time ", "from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel ", "intelligent , ", "it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space ", "of fun or energy ", "subtlety has never been his trademark ", "a solid action pic ", "which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "as dahmer ", "as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . ", "some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck ", "'re more likely to enjoy on a computer ", "for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . ", "is firing his r&d people ", "disturbing ", "odd and weird ", "is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , ", "... irritating soul-searching garbage . ", "you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . ", "too long with too little ", "but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . ", "heart-warming ", "provides an invaluable service ", "through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people ", "the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere ", "dawns , real dawns , comic relief ", "sweet , funny , charming ", "a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur ", "is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . ", "these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . ", "a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music ", "'ve seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed ", "this movie proves you wrong on both counts . ", "lighting effects and ", "to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release ", "charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal ", "a lumbering load of hokum but ", "it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . ", "winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best ", "very distinctive sensibility ", "imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects ", "is better than most of the writing in the movie ", "know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good ", "updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . ", "is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . ", "with no unified whole ", "become wearisome . ", "pathetic , starving and untalented ", "deeply concerned with morality ", "is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "is n't a very ", "anyone can relate ", "mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor ", "powerful rather than cloying ", ", ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . ", "monotony ", "the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and ", "beautifully edited ", "compellingly ", "kill michael myers for good ", "hits a nerve ", "it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience ", "the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' ", "the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . ", "getting into too many pointless situations ", "to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "to the movie 's rude and crude humor ", "he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does ", "a travesty ", "crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies ", "first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast ", "auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance ", "whimsicality , ", "would seem to be surefire casting ", "more a gunfest than a rock concert . ", "outstanding thrillers ", "the start -- and , refreshingly , ", "a little better than sorcerer 's stone . ", "as with all ambitious films , it has some problems ", "probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis ", "played and smartly directed ", "the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . ", "go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid ", "becoming a better person through love ", "energy , intelligence and verve ", "watch witherspoon 's talents ", "may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece ", "of its pretensions ", "stupidity ", "cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace ", "abandoned , but ", "i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . ", "stitch ", "the good , ", "'s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "be cherished ", "alive and admirable ", "a serious drama ", "things interesting ", "unflattering comparisons ", "touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty ", "the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league ", "excruciating film ", "working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up ", "the dead horse ", "the predictable parent ", "scathingly witty ", "certain charm ", "funny and fun ", "it made me feel unclean ", "splendid meal ", "ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense ", "this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , ", "on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid ", "is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . ", ", bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . ", "carlos ", "schizo ", "that makes it attractive throughout ", "goofily endearing and well-lensed ", "draws us in long ", "director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . ", "a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia ", "an engaging and moving portrait ", "like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars ", "if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . ", "the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency ", "remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies ", "'s something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers ", "very moving and revelatory ", "coffee ", "that lifts your spirits ", "to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good ", "a far bigger , far more meaningful story ", "the humans are acting like puppets ", "a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds ", "ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona ", ", it 's the very definition of epic adventure . ", "'re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic ", "only surprise ", "something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense ", "hoped i would -- with moist eyes ", "has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation ", "ends so horrendously confusing ", "is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . ", "marks a modest if encouraging return to form ", "ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . ", "very enjoyable ", "you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach ", "waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over ", "into one terrific story with lots of laughs ", "carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . ", "adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking ", "it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong ", "it was a guilty pleasure ", "so distant ", "is painful to watch ", "odd , rapt spell ", "feels uncomfortably real , ", "wastes an exceptionally good idea . ", "the layered richness ", "generates little narrative momentum ", "into the urban heart ", "played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters ", "consider it ` perfection . ' ", "morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . ", "exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation ", "it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "moving ", "as daring as john ritter 's glory days ", "singing long after the credits roll ", "visceral sensation ", "neither as scary-funny as tremors nor ", "sting ", "a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating ", "ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . ", "the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . ", "implicitly ", "an out of place metaphor ", "there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller ", "have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "of invention ", "are so stunning ", "does the nearly impossible ", "a true pleasure . ", "what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes ", "the most poorly staged and lit action in memory ", "yawning ", "when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails ", "who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "enjoy ", "playful ", "'s got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem ", "things will turn out okay ", "that actually manages to bring something new into the mix ", "like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown ", "generous and subversive artworks ", "at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "the highly predictable narrative ", "the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . ", "was only ", "to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt ", "video , and ", "mean-spirited ", "are clinically depressed ", "more abhorrent ", "of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past ", "very charming and funny ", "has a fluid , no-nonsense authority ", "phenomenal ", "ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter ", ", artificial and opaque ", "might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine ", "juiced with enough energy and excitement ", "makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever ", "thoroughly enjoyed themselves ", "a decent-enough nail-biter ", "would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor ", "wonderful ", "in this flat effort ", "is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm ", "others do n't , ", "anomie and heartbreak ", "as punching bags ", "the way chekhov is funny ", "make like the title and dodge this one ", "watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . ", "'s just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ", "a sharp and quick documentary ", "the wit ", "of his top-notch creative team ", "remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . ", "incoherent , instantly disposable ", "more like a travel-agency video ", "remarkable because it ", "is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . ", "harsh reality ", "in good measure ", "these guys ' superhuman capacity ", "that matters ", "the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone ", "i feel better already . ", "terminally bland , painfully slow ", "more to think about after the final frame ", "wafer-thin ", "its chicken heart ", "a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . ", "in the simple telling ", "into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "reign ", "has done the nearly impossible . ", "despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . ", "is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . ", "best part ", "the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and ", "the hilarious writer-director himself ", "in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes ", "flashy , overlong soap ", "the tooth and claw of human power ", "with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ", "'s pauly shore awful ", "taken seriously ", "how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , ", "plot holes sink this ` sub ' ", "aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit ", "is cool . ", "above the ordinary ", "it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . ", "cliched dialogue and ", "must have been lost in the translation ", "look american angst in the eye and end up laughing ", "sink the movie . ", "only mildly funny ", "astonishingly ", "noyce 's greatest mistake ", "too stagey ", "original fantasy film ", "venturesome ", "obsessively ", "it 's also not very good . ", "( reno ) delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . ", "those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today ", "the waste of a good cast ", "soulless and -- even more damning -- ", ", like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . ", "give the transcendent performance ", "'s where the film ultimately fails ", "nearly perfect in their roles ", "sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead ", "inexcusable ", "will turn out ", "rapt spell ", "fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian ", "as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese ", "most pitiful directing ", "its clumsiness as its own most damning censure ", "loves a david and goliath story ", "with the subject of love head-on ", "that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard ", "iconoclastic uses ", "is a masterpiece . ", "shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but ", "further sad evidence ", "it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation ", "probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year ", "if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ", "ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience ", "a potentially good comic premise and ", "while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . ", "main asset ", "you can find humor ", "` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation ", "would have saved this film a world of hurt . ", "the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . ", "femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . ", "seat ", "good cinematography ", "the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ", "we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show ", "but it is entertaining on an inferior level . ", "skill and determination ", "a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies ", "holds promise , ", "is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches ", "of terrific ", "long and eventful ", "watching a rerun ", "makes you crave chris smith 's next movie ", "begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is ", "a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni ", "chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in ", "concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn ", "'s self-defeatingly decorous ", "is a career-defining revelation . ", "to be cherished ", "bland ", "finest ", "some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old ", "buried , drowned and ", "easier to digest ", "pictures ", "utterly pointless ", "histrionic ", "'s never dull and ", "as tricky and satisfying as any of david ", "has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy ", "fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context ", "that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture ", "that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne ", "sent back to the tailor for some major alterations ", "b + ", "have made for better drama ", "richly rewarded ", "amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination ", "... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . ", "... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . ", "a heavyweight film ", "with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life ", "rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . ", "the wit and revolutionary spirit ", "unoriginal run ", "thoroughly awful movie ", "a winner ", "avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . ", "too blatant ", "cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... ", "has its heart ( and its palate ) ", "set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock ", "make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits ", "that is all the more remarkable because it ", "needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . ", "saw how bad this movie was ", "the most compelling performance of the year ", "a rustic retreat and pee against a tree ", "pointless , stupid ", "an exclamation point ", "amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but ", "the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . ", "undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "a brutal and funny ", "the animation and game phenomenon ", "goldbacher ", "vulgar ", "the ya-ya sisterhood ", "a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding ", "make this a charmer . ", "to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ", "comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy ", "is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . ", "especially grateful for freedom ", ", scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . ", "offbeat humor ", "seems to really care ", "funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . ", "there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . ", "killing time , that 's all that 's going on here . ", "the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . ", "a great way ", "be well worth your time ", "as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix ", "sporadic dips ", "ability to shock and amaze ", ", shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . ", "what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful ", "most amazing ", "of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself ", "the annoying score ", "has created a brilliant motion picture . ", "quite a bit of heart ", "the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work ", "alexandre dumas classic ", "totally overwrought , ", "rate annie ", "avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake ", "as glum as mr. de niro ", "self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman ", "the best advice ", "seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk ", "a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell ", "will find millions of eager fans . ", "who unfortunately works with a two star script ", "in swank apartments , clothes and parties ", "the highest power of all is the power of love ", "to find an old flame ", "is beautiful and mysterious ", "a tiresome clich\u00e9 ", ", the effect comes off as self-parody . ", "big , juicy role ", "forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot ", "much worse than bland or ", "the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening ", "the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent ", "acting that heralds something special ", "an exceptionally ", "has already reached its expiration date ", "might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service ", "superficial and ", "extraordinary debut from josh koury . ", "delightfully charming ", "runs around and ", "original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . ", "a mediocre exercise ", "is oppressively heavy ", ", then go see this delightful comedy . ", "flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror ", "shabby digital photography ", "drawing flavorful performances ", "by it -- the kind of movie ", "that extravagantly redeems it ", "is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films ", "retard 101 ", ", it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . ", "fantasies ", "simply by accident ", "on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up ", ", non-exploitive approach ", "i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie ", "shyamalan 's gifts ", "great fun ", "what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but ", "that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be ", "'s a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch ", "could use a little more humanity ", "a woozy quality ", "relegated ", "all bluster ", "the performances are remarkable . ", "there is precious little of either . ", "ennui-hobbled ", "utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story ", ", touching , smart and complicated ", "it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . ", "if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . ", "sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "nourishing ", "its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact ", "to make it worth watching ", "infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . ", "'s plenty to enjoy -- ", "a much better documentary ", "crummy . ", "romance-novel ", "scenic splendor ", "... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . ", "assault ", "is repulsive and depressing ", "loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time ", "us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher ", "each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness ", "'s icky ", "mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . ", "a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie ", "hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter ", "robin williams , death to smoochy ", "'s uninteresting ", "with tension ", "clever and cutting , quick and dirty look ", ", it 's an unhappy situation all around . ", "sometimes just lapses into unhidden british ", "it feels more forced than usual . ", "finest non-bondish performance ", "from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . ", "a barrie good time ", "decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him ", "a bonus ", "nutty cliches and far too much dialogue ", "of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either ", "lazily and glumly ", "especially charm ", "reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding ", "works superbly ", "most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings ", "the spirit ", "together frustrating difficult ", "a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . ", "who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ", "might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson ", "go down with a ship as leaky as this ", "ugly , irritating ", "thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time ", "turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable ", "make trouble ", "as a cult film ", "raunchy and frequently hilarious ", "establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . ", "embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy ", "more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex ", "kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation . ", "against all odds ", "in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality ", "see the it ", "this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . ", "always surprising ", "an emotionally satisfying exploration ", "hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre ", "wildly popular ", "are underwhelming ", "be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy ", "ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material ", "mesmerizing performance ", "somnambulant exercise ", "this is a heartfelt story ... ", "the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending ", "signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . ", "all movie ", "banal ", "astonishing grandeur ", "misses the mark ", "its first-time feature director ", "the small , human moments ", "the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . ", "the direction is clumsy ", "a skyscraper ", "you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie ", "mumbles his way through the movie ", "dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ", "tiresome jokes ", "` this movie sucks . ' ", "a doa dud from frame one . ", "though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . ", "unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow ", "false , sitcom-worthy solutions ", "the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . ", "an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . ", "the most compelling performance ", "by-the-numbers yarn . ", "a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo ", "into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters ", "makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . ", "muddled drama ", "he or anyone else ", "truly edgy ", "but no sense of pride or shame ", "better film ", "there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . ", "disparate funny moments ", "a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . ", "form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ", "dramatically lackluster . ", "at least passably real ", "exactly assured in its execution ", "would be a total washout . ", "visually stunning ", "is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many ", "lethargic ", "target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ", "bad animation and ", "comes off winningly , ", "peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes ", "stroke ", "the worst movies of one year ", "trash-cinema roots ", "seventy-minute running time ", ", bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . ", "randall wallace ", "also happens to be good ", "do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . ", "this dvd ", ", inspiring ", "really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ", "politically charged ", "dismember ", ", this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . ", "stop-and-start pacing ", "intermittently good time ", "with unimaginable demons ", "padded . ", "a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur ", "the name of high art ", "that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough ", "has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery ", "fits into a classic genre , ", "to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece ", "are very , very good reasons ", "determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering ", "appalling as any ` comedy ' ", "long after this film has ended ", "it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense . ", "shrill and soporific , and because ", "gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek ", "he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . ", "illuminating study ", "the same old story ", "made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me ", "a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts ", "wish you had n't seen ", "love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . ", "designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense ", "to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry ", "i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ", "a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history ", "supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . ", "am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . ", "like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . ", "a choke leash ", "muddled ", "deepest recesses ", "falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . ", ", you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . ", "tears ", "deeply authentic ", "stamina and vitality ", "of its grand locations ", "predicament ", "lends itself to easy jokes and insults ", "wise-beyond-her-years ", "a servicable world war ii drama ", "spirit , perception , conviction ", "your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door ", "necessary and timely ", "of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us ", "bloodbath ", "pays tribute ", "trapped wo n't score points for political correctness ", "little uneven ", "is n't very effective ", "beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . ", "the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families ", "you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . ", "an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ... ", "a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "timeless and universal tale ", "admirably ", "would sink laurence olivier ", "are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy ", "you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards ", "movie special ", "a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . ", "nonstop hoot ", "french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama ", "an abyss ", "an elegant visual sense and a talent ", "with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . ", "elevates the material above pat inspirational status and ", "casting excellent latin actors of all ages ", "needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese ", "was inspired ", "does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . ", "the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but ", "alienation ", "humane ", "doze off for a few minutes or ", "wise and knowing ", "plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . ", "often intense character study ", "an especially well-executed television movie ", "a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . ", "believe that people have lost the ability to think ", "are fantastic . ", "a quaint , romanticized rendering . ", "there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; ", "done , so primitive in technique , ", "inexpressible ", "the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy ", "its own action is n't very effective ", "needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance ", "i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid . ", "illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters ", "promising , talented , charismatic and tragically ", "cliche-ridden ", "the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . ", "how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them ", "consistent ", "the people laughing in the crowd ", "you-are-there immediacy ", "once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . ", "straight-shooting family film ", "unwary viewers ", "fun adventure movie ", "there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . ", "characters are both overplayed and exaggerated ", "is completely ", "unequivocally ", "a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ", "pretends to be passionate and truthful ", "it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . ", "honestly nice ", "lacks it . ", "i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . ", "this slick and sprightly cgi feature ", "that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world ", "an effective portrait ", "dared ", "impossible task ", "is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . ", "there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . ", "the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way ", "a film you will never forget ", "big-hearted and ", "the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ", "may be lovely ", "as beautiful , desirable , ", "visually striking and viscerally repellent ", "beautiful to watch ", "deep intelligence ", "odd purity ", "confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong ", "who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture ", "they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes ", "different than anything that 's been done before ", "france 's most inventive directors ", "it may scream low budget , ", "wonderous ", "puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . ", "give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but ", "unleashes his trademark misogyny ", "a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . ", ", there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . ", "most colorful and controversial ", "is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . ", "funny situations and honest observations ", "touches the heart ", "it goes nowhere ", "writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ", "downright transparent ", "consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free ", "its surreal sense of humor and technological finish ", "close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be ", "the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . ", "strong and unforced supporting cast ", "wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals ", "`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section ", "should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows ", "of that moral favorite ", "what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective ", "even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , ", "inarticulate ", "this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed ", "riveting and ", "indifference ", "who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world ", "a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence ", "poor ", "a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . ", "it 's hard to say who might enjoy this ", "never seems hopelessly juvenile . ", "find much fascination in the swinging ", "here a more annoying , though less angry ", "draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them ", "ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . ", "does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "takes you somewhere ", "beguiling freshness ", "comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . ", "bad movie . ", "seem appealing ", "'s a masterpiece ", "dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . ", "into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going ", "hooks us completely ", "the absurdities and inconsistencies ", "the new film is a lame kiddie flick ", "a schlocky creature ", "a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism ", "quirky , off-beat project ", "no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised . ", "a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . ", "'s a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn ", "remains prominent , ", "perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but ", "'s smooth and professional ", "offers few surprises ", "you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . ", "his penchant for tearing up on cue -- ", ", you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . ", "lecherous ", "recycles every clich\u00e9 about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . ", "unconvincing ", "indigestion sets ", "manipulative and as bland ", "with the waldo salt screenwriting award ", "fairly involving as far as it goes ", "dream ", "it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art ", "instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy ", "the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season ", "otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject ", "get out ", "waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . ", "the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking ", "almost unbearably ", "clumsily ", "full of itself ", "are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . ", "frequent flurries of creative belly laughs ", "she 's a pretty woman , ", "the structure is simple , but ", "by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers ", "this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . ", "where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity ", "this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . ", "are quite admirable ", ", period-perfect biopic hammers ", "whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented ", "'s a bad action movie ", "harmoniously ", "helluva singer ", "quirky , slightly strange french films ", "both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting ", "imagination and authentic christmas spirit ", "many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy ", "blatant derivativeness ", "does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history ", "its characters , weak and strong ", "'s both charming ", "disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious ", "salton sea surprisingly engrossing ", "wickedly funny and ", "are sometimes bracing ", "love moore or ", "come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick ", "wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender ", "anemic , ", "its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . ", "while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . ", "his work with actors is particularly impressive . ", "is left slightly unfulfilled ", "best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . ", "devastating , eloquent clarity ", "it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting . ", "is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ", "a searing lead performance ", "a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television ", ", steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . ", "but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . ", "a typical bible killer story ", "win a wide summer audience ", "the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but ", "that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone ", "mindless pace in collision ", "to drown yourself in a lake afterwards ", "feels shrill , simple and soapy . ", "never quite ", "of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen ", "minac drains his movie of all individuality ", "a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ", "but fun . ", "is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . ", "they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "a frustrating ` tweener ' ", "they fall to pieces ", "another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees ", "this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip ", "biggest names ", "made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones ", "melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . ", "truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film ", "confrontations ", "that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . ", "is listless , witless , and devoid of anything ", "julie taymor 's preposterous titus ", "it familiar and insufficiently cathartic ", "two-dimensional and ", "compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air ", ", there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . ", "'s neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . ", "classic satire ", "you 're not ", "this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . ", "less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . ", "garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' ", "leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . ", "that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace ", "is authentic ", "a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern ", "a blown-out vein ", ") characters are both overplayed and exaggerated ", "elegantly ", "plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder ", "it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ", "like the rock on a wal-mart budget ", ", the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . ", "is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff ", "failed jokes , twitchy acting , ", "a desperate miscalculation ", ", fine music never heard ", "because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks ", "a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . ", "it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , ", "photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time ", "mumbo jumbo ", "that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ", "emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . ", "repeating what he 's already done way too often ", "another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate ", "'s just plain lurid ", "intricate , intimate and intelligent ", "one of the funniest motion pictures of the year ", "have to see it . ", "that annoying specimen ", "do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage ", "a certain charm ", "ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous ", "have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own ", ", intelligent , and humanly funny film . ", "distracted rhythms ", "i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . ", ", well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . ", "shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . ", "are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . ", "of the holiday box office pie ", "if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse ", "to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . ", "flaws ", "trembling and gratitude ", "the very hollowness of the character he plays ", "a negligible work ", "like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous ", "hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . ", "like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being ", "without intent ", "anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year ", "feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . ", "of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists ", "excels in spectacle and pacing . ", "shrewd but pointless ", "thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . ", "unexpectedly sweet story ", "ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up ", "is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one ", "a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way ", "very , very good reasons ", "whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around . ", ", smart and complicated ", "sometimes tedious ", "about the worst thing ", "a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game ", "stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ", "this story about love and culture ", "contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be ", "to make a big splash . ", "all of the elements are in place for a great film noir ", "powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama ", "this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . ", "pink floyd tickets ", "that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama ", "it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with ", "get at something ", "before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro ", ", ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . ", "'s more enjoyable than i expected , ", "smartly written motion picture ", "more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama ", "playstation cocktail ", "filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but ", "laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . ", "it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life ", "intriguing and downright intoxicating ", "both convincing and radiant ", "to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen ", "will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year . ", "deserving of its critical backlash and more ", ", its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... ", "is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party ", "same old story ", "is tuned in to its community ", "has nothing else to watch ", "pack a powerful emotional wallop ", "does n't even qualify as a spoof of such ", "a classical actress ", "a creaky `` pretty woman '' ", ", the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . ", "rocks . ", "then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . ", "you will likely enjoy this monster ", "that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "devolves into the derivative ", "good chance ", "too much time ", "reactionary ideas about women ", "tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ", "shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , ", "are uncomfortably strained . ", "to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style ", ", is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . ", "to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes ", "little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . ", "gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers ", "can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ", "'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . ", "funny and sad ", "love this movie ", "eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done ", "this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . ", "that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "is a brilliant movie . ", "statements and dime-store ruminations ", ", soggy potboiler ", "dominated ", "ultimate insignificance ", "joyless ", "to find better entertainment ", "cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . ", "makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare ", "is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' ", "live in denial about ", "a sweet and modest ", "establishes a wonderfully creepy mood ", "is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . ", "is deadly dull ", "manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity ", "a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and ", "is even better than the fellowship ", "made me unintentionally famous ", "weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and ", "gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . ", "a pleasing way with a metaphor ", "discovering your destination in life ", "delicious crime drama ", "ungainly movie ", "sensitive acting ", "that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely ", "revelatory performance ", "particularly nightmarish ", "to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clich\u00e9s , an assassin 's greatest hits . ", "to make such a worthless film ", "` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about ", "an incredibly irritating comedy ", "slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth . ", "'s sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels ", "you like peace ", ", ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . ", "how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ", "jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "good stuff ", "they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up ", "would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ", "the movie 's sophomoric blend ", "worthless ", "astonishingly skillful and moving ", "'s really wrong with this ricture ! ", "the affable maid ", "get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth ", "upfront that the plot makes no sense ", "an actual story ", "fusty squareness ", "but overall the halloween series has lost its edge ", "antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it ", "is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . ", "madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . ", "the ups and downs of friendships ", "a movie star ", "an 88-minute highlight reel ", "is icily brilliant ", "i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale ", "to convince us that acting transfigures esther ", "no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery ", "even better than the first one ! ", "with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel ", "is cruel ", "a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . ", "a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked ", "posing as a real movie . ", "metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story ", "self-pitying ", "outlandish ", "to believe in it the most ", "is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ", "at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . ", "brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography ", ", preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . ", "took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . ", "who are enthusiastic about something and then ", "delightful . ", "press the delete key . ", "labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . ", "despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . ", "of the recent hollywood trip tripe ", "a believable mother/daughter pair ", "a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", ", my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . ", "a life like this can sound so dull ", "dramatic animated feature ", "like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale ", "fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic ", "'s a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director ", "waltzed itself into the art film pantheon ", "'s an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) ", "love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and ", "it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "but oddly compelling ", "keep the story subtle and us in suspense ", "jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . ", "passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese ", "farts , boobs , ", "a comedy , both gentle and biting ", "hurt ", "is a total misfire ", "it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ", "twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . ", "too erotic ", "shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . ", "of small-town competition ", ", splashy and entertainingly nasty ", "is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . ", "raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up ", "'s always enthralling ", "is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice ", "never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . ", "genial ", "having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "'s a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . ", "small , intelligent eyes ", "as easy to be bored by as your abc 's ", "long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare ", "a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . ", ", sexist ", "more mature ", "frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . ", "a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph ", "( cattaneo ) sophomore slump ", "a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life ", "to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb ", "of elephant feces ", "overmanipulative hollywood practices ", "it is n't much fun . ", "poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . ", "solid pedigree ", "lost dreams ", "hide new secretions from the parental units ", "unwieldy contraption . ", "format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them ", "compatible ", "a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait ", "the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . ", "it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . ", "of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "the light of the exit sign ", "fourth-rate ", "point and purpose ", "this bold move works ", "gripping humanity ", "astonish and entertain ", "emotional force ", "in pain ", "that it stinks ", "hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades ", "an elegant work ", "a biting satire ", "leguizamo 's best movie work ", "prostituted muse ", "with pitch-perfect acting ", "labored ", "rock 's stand-up magic ", "thrown-together feel ", "has nothing ", "remind one of a really solid woody allen film ", "sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . ", "the results are tired ", ", xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . ", "guessing plot and an affectionate ", "a technical triumph and ", "woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken ", "in all , a great party ", "this method almost never fails him , and ", "a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . ", "airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ", "compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine ", "clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . ", "blessed with a searing lead performance ", "real snooze . ", "with plenty of entertainment value ", "reading lines from a teleprompter ", "is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . ", "a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title ", "'ll enjoy the hot chick . ", "pomposity ", "beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors ", "convinced of its own brilliance ", "'s a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "captive by mediocrity ", "a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . ", "dashing and absorbing ", "jeff 's ) gorgeous ", ", funny and poignant ", "does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it ", "to a new scene , which also appears to be the end ", "seriously , rent the disney version . ", "to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience ", "ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out ", "in boredom ", "'s consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free ", ", relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . ", "` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . ", "headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito ", "looks genuinely pretty ", "a surprising winner ", "found the movie as divided against itself ", "sucker ", "not that funny ", "of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks ", "the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , ", "warm , inviting , ", "more than a whiff ", "smarter and more diabolical ", "the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . ", "show real heart ", "a french film with a more down-home flavor ", "of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions ", "self-indulgent and ", "created a substantive movie out ", "for reverence and a little wit ", "such a good job of it ", "ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . ", "giddy viewing ", "takes your breath away ", "take credit for most of the movie 's success ", "catches dramatic fire . ", "the light comedic work ", "providing an experience that is richer than anticipated ", "emotionally distant piece ", "a manically generous christmas ", "lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name ", "there is one word that best describes this film : honest . ", "a true adaptation of her book ", "enjoyable level ", "obsessive love ", "you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ", "like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing ", "slopped ` ", "the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome ", "infuriating ", "is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety ", "a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme ", "too much of a plunge ", "a little scattered -- ditsy ", "it takes your breath away ", "acidity ", "gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers ", "provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending ", "terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters ", "dumb humor ", "pristine style and bold colors ", "hint ", "it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and ", "incessant whining ", "veered off too far ", "merchant ivory productions ", "layered ", "captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . ", "to send your regrets ", "a delightful stimulus ", "is a masterpiece ", "it is n't particularly funny ", "is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "in the series ", "snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza ", "willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor ", "explosive physical energy ", "when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ", ", surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . ", "appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich\u00e9 . ", "a historically significant work ", "a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington ", "after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . ", "it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . ", "the movie landscape ", "manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . ", "is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own ", "you leaving the theater with a smile on your face ", "swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . ", "out-sized ", "although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . ", "the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile ", "preachy and ", "smoke signals ", "been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap ", "horizons ", "forced to follow ", "felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 ", "the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental . ", "film a must for everyone from junior scientists ", "affirms ", "a dentist 's waiting room ", "charming in comedies like american pie and ", "translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . ' ", "a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music ", "godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . ", "feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . ", "` perfection ", "finds warmth in the coldest environment ", "bad luck ", "will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or ", ", brutally clueless ", "you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . ", "uninspired preachy and clich\u00e9d ", "sets out ", "shines on all the characters ", "is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor ", "death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision . ", "many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . ", "so much farcical as sour . ", "portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man ", "be completely forgettable ", "creepy ", "enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd ", "still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . ", "in genre cliches ", "generally amusing from time ", "too clich\u00e9d and too often strains credulity ", "too-long , spoofy update ", "of a big , tender hug ", "never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . ", "lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck ", "that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most ", "had a sense of humor ", "like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen ", "a movie that will make you laugh ", "complain ", "degraded things ", "makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering ", "contenders ", "that rare creature -- ", "guessing at almost every turn ", "wonderful on the big screen ", "a porno flick ", "uplifting , funny and wise . ", "to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , ", "is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own ", "but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . ", "are made for each other . ", "with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character ", "stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ", "is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ", ", overused cocktail ", "'s a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . ", "of emotional desperation ", "bring something new ", "i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back ", ", the film does hold up pretty well . ", "'s surprisingly harmless . ", "is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood ", "could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . ", "sixties-style slickness ", "are so hilarious ", "bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate ", ", the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . ", "a serious minded patience , respect and affection ", "thought-provoking and often-funny drama ", "make this an eminently engrossing film ", "of fascinating performances ", "joy ", "cutesy reliance ", "want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ", "doze off thirty minutes ", "have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . ", "the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won ", "powerful documentary ", "'s not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera ", "with real world events ", "sunny disposition ", "what 's worse ", "the real triumphs ", "britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel ", "brilliance ", "crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . ", "the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about . ", "a very capable nailbiter . ", "elicits strong performances ", "the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . ", "to the most crucial lip-reading sequence ", "damn fine ", "dusty ", "the son of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . ", "of the tooth and claw of human power ", "for teens to laugh , groan and hiss ", "'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . ", "a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . ", "shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated ", "after drinking twelve beers ", "the humor wry and sprightly ", "if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese ", "nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic . ", "sodden and glum ", "one mediocre movie ", "new insight ", "debilitating ", "keep our interest ", "is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them ", "thematic content and narrative strength ", "make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . ", "the film is strictly routine . ", "comedic ", "combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption ", "another generic drama ", "flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags ", "a beautiful food entr\u00e9e ", "a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events ", "blithe exchanges ", "where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace ", "part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . ", "( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark ", "dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . ", "the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . ", "the stories work and ", "peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper ", "turns out to be affected and boring ", "been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson ", "this dumas adaptation entertains ", "because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "impish ", "is the power of love ", "their funny bones tickled ", "though it 's equally solipsistic in tone ", "its surprises limp ", "bring off this kind of whimsy ", "loveable ", "common sense ", "a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides ", "shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ", "a workable primer ", "to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets ", "more if it had just gone that one step further ", "his generation 's ", "that ca n't totally hide its contrivances ", "the first movie ", "has lost its edge ", "bombastic self-glorification ", "woo ", "are infants ", "well worth ", "endearing and well-lensed ", "will likely ", "unbelievable ", "a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . ", "arduous journey ", "silly-looking morlocks ", "uncommonly moving ", "doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "transcends ", "the attempt to complicate the story ", "gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy ", "all-star reunions ", "the day-old shelf ", "certainly ca n't recommend it ", "the talented ", "like having a real film of nijinsky ", "new york locales and sharp writing ", "into the extraordinarily rich landscape ", "surprises ", "no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell ", "pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ", "any thinking person is bound to appreciate ", "is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . ", "director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . ", "it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously ", "that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material ", ", solid storytelling . ", "a 94-minute travesty ", "does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "beating the austin powers films at their own game ", "one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . ", "term an `` ambitious failure ", "handbag-clutching ", "of rich detail condensed ", "irreverent energy ", "not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers ", "is mostly a bore ", "makes a melodramatic mountain ", "headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film ", "a cruel deception ", "as particularly memorable or even all that funny ", "i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . ", "is somehow making its way instead to theaters ", "sillier , cuter , ", "unsubtle and ", "did n't talk down to them ", "that lacks juice and delight ", "is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message ", "nationwide blight ", "flounders ", "are both overplayed and exaggerated ", "journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull ", "thriller `` new best friend '' ", "omnibus tradition ", "the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief ", "clever and unexpected ", "that profound , at least ", "is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . ", "succeeded in ", "vietnam war ", "this woefully hackneyed movie ", "about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity ", "'ve had the misfortune to watch in quite some time ", "that just does n't work ", "two best films ", "betters it ", "stimulating ", "depressing story ", "and totally disorientated ", "... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . ", "again dazzle and delight us ", "babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy ", "hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really ", "a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . ", "witless and utterly pointless ", "another key contribution ", "does n't reveal even a hint of artifice ", "that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it ", "courageous scottish lady ", "it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it ", "... that the material is so second-rate . ", ", never rises above the level of a telanovela . ", "are up to the task ", "mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated ", "funny humor ", "'s really just another major league ", "whose engaging manner and flamboyant style ", "analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . ", "smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling ", "show-stoppingly ", "old ", "as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ", "has a film 's title served such dire warning . ", "this fascinating experiment ", "mess ... ", "dumb gags ", "did they not ", "it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . ", "really a thriller ", "nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . ", "engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ", "the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . ", "a marvelous performance by allison lohman ", "imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor ", "of an especially well-executed television movie ", "has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels ", "be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ", "c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . ", "written , flatly ", "a majestic achievement ", "deadly dull ", "sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness ", "the metaphors are provocative , ", "is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do ", "gangster no. 1 drips ", "can not be revived . ", "it works superbly here ", "bittersweet contemporary comedy ", "intermittently powerful ", "advantage ", "bad movie ", "tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet ", "of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality ", "makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude ", "a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had ", "logic and misuse ", "high-powered ", "reflect ", "it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium ", "well done ", "you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler ", "in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . ", "the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . ", "is sorely lacking . ", "a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible ", "zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does ", "unfunny and ", "relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations ", "fearlessness ", "is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . ", "embellishment ", "that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell ", "sympathizing ", "nothing good ", "it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . ", "while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter ", "it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . ", "the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... ", "one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . ", "tricky and satisfying as any of david ", "is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ", "is supposed to be madcap farce ", "are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . ", "that grew hideously twisted ", "delight . ", "the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . ", "to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie ", "psychologically ", "... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . ", "fast , funny , and even touching ", "one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . ", "heavy stench ", "the basic flaws in his vision ", "just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "a worthy entry ", "feel better already . ", "a real charmer ", "'s very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable ", "wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . ", "most deceptively amusing comedies ", "frustrates ", "of story and his juvenile camera movements ", "'s an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . ", ", this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "the perfect movie ", "a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece ", "not very absorbing characters ", "the most edgy piece ", "entertaining and moving ", "is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable ", "dramatic things happen to people ", "a definitive counter-cultural document ", "of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness ", "the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were ", "funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful ", "perfectly executed and ", "s&m ", "this picture ", "the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . ", "that catches you up in something bigger than yourself ", "uneven , ", "its social and political potential ", "is grand-scale ", "bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids ", "a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it ", ", scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys ", "fill the after-school slot ", "is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump ", "a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . ", "openness , ", "of bible parables and not an actual story ", "a successful example ", "sinks ", "the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy ", ", the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . ", "wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie ", "a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . ", "hard for me ", "exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama ", "zero ", "the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching ", "the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing ", ", they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . ", "daft by half ... but supremely good natured . ", "has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film ", "spellbinding ", "is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : ", "feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ", "a love story as sanguine as its title ", "quite a comedy ", "opposed to the manifesto ", "a full experience , ", "and often-funny drama ", "one of the rarest kinds of films : ", "light the candles , bring out the cake ", "an intelligent romantic thriller ", "seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , ", "to be a wacky , screwball comedy ", "fling ", "much about the ownership and redefinition of myth ", ", and intermittently hilarious ", "those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen ", "strikes hardest ", "in a movie this bad ", "is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . ", "terrific documentaries ", "miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , ", "filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . ", "hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare ", "leaves a positive impression ", "( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards ", "'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , ", "loved the people onscreen , ", "the worst thing ", ", like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with ", "in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating ", "lots of laughs ", "allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly ", "extravagant ", "heartfelt performances ", "a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse ", "unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman ", "inauthentic ", ", but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? ", "a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood ", "baroque beauty ", "'s insecure in lovely and amazing , ", "has never looked uglier ", "wrong ", "heaven ", "of a sick and evil woman ", "its emotional power ", "is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut ", "an integrity ", "this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... ", ", tortured ", "louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense ", "does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . ", "makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing ", "this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . ", "right movie ", "itself is far from disappointing , offering an original ", "well done , but slow ", "major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche ", "becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course ", "that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline ", ", bloody and mean ", "'s always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic ", "yet , it still works . ", "too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy ", "be another shameless attempt by disney ", "there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , ", "does n't work ", "a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . ", "moving and vibrant . ", ", it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . ", "a fascinating film ", ", sloppy ", "liberal doses ", "has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . ", "daring and beautifully made ", "surprising emotional depth ", "tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic ", "never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence ", "a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch ", "match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try ", "into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey ", "flavors ", "assurance worthy ", "fantastic ", "return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . ", "'m not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence ", "you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... ", "and it 's a lousy one at that . ", "evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking ", "but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . ", "far more interesting than the story at hand ", "corny ", "we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ", "grave ", "like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments ", "overlong documentary ", "the same love story ", "pretty moments ", "'s very beavis and butthead , ", "unsophisticated ", "turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme ", "rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . ", "giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . ", "schneider is no steve martin ", "'s unfortunate ", "a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media ", "enjoyed it just as much ! ", "parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . ", "a lunar mission with no signs of life ", "a thoroughly entertaining comedy that ", "retread , ", "to overcome gaps in character development and story logic ", "a terrific job ", "'s the butt of its own joke ", "funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot ", "dupe ", "try hard ", "with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . ", "an unruly adolescent boy ", "'s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer ", "feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series ", "the always hilarious meara ", "the pre-teen crowd ", "'s as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself ", "in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ", "hilarious dialogue ", "-- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- ", "distinctly minor effort ", "keep the film entertaining ", "the histrionic muse ", "to be a one-trick pony ", "a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . ", "really tells the tale ", "( herzog 's ) personal policy ", "hollowness ", "derived from a lobotomy , ", "the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and ", "will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but ", "the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . ", "the power of shanghai ghetto ", "of those so-so films that could have been much better ", "... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . ", "the overall feeling is genial and decent ", "does have its charms ", "fascinating -- and timely -- content ", "be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show ", "a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater . ", "see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . ", "yarn-spinner ", "first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . ", "the manner of a golden book sprung to life ", "fresh , sometimes funny , ", "at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age ", "coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots ", "it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . ", "more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline ", "their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . ", "a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley . ", "trying to create something original ", "tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run ", "amused indictment ", "surprisingly faithful ", "gloomy film noir veil ", "gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing ", "audacious ambitions ", "will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience ", "strong and unforced ", "gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script . ", "of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence ", "cleverly written ", "martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . ", "is an object lesson in period filmmaking ", "immensely ", "enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . ", "solid sci-fi thriller ", "flashy twists ", "flat ", "a guiltless film for nice evening out . ", "performers who rarely work in movies now ", "in need of a scented bath ", "steven seagal ", "is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original ", "'s the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name ", "is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy ", "of dreamlike ecstasy ", "phenomenal performances ", "christian parents ", "originality ", "a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills ", "predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics ", "inventive directors ", "is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) ", "his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . ", "has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool ", "gets better after foster leaves that little room . ", "nasty ", "fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . ", "is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "quickly writes himself into a corner ", "conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . ", "the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire ", "bring on the battle bots , please ", "like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it ", "this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , ", "contemptible imitator ", "is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction ", "sits there like a side dish no one ordered ", ", it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . ", "to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "a huge fan ", "have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize ", "make for some robust and scary entertainment ", "anything but frustrating , boring , and ", "keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera ", "wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse ", "we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here . ", "convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . ", "in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth ", "as happy listening to movies ", "whom the ", "is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter ", "rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . ", "spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . ", "to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore ", "disguise the fact ", "a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism ", "so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out ", "though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story ", "splendor ", "exhilarating documentary ", "an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . ", "a few gut-busting laughs ", "the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true . ", "sits in the place where a masterpiece should be ", "works its magic with such exuberance and passion ", "first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . ", "satire and unabashed sweetness ", "is that it stinks ", "leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute . ", "thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . ", "predisposed to like it ", "make this an eminently engrossing film . ", "delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie ", "entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... ", "realism , crisp storytelling and radiant ", "close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air ", "is another liability ", "could n't recommend this film more . ", "so many talented people ", "this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain ", "through some of clancy 's holes ", "a retread story , bad writing , and ", "the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions ", "a stable-full of solid performances ", "its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes ", ") becomes more specimen than character ", "of ridiculousness ", "yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower ", "is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level ", "aimless for much of its running time , ", "the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat . ", "unnamed , easily substitutable ", "passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge ", "a movie that deserves recommendation ", "rusted-out ruin ", "the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... ", "sexual jealousy , resentment ", "poo . ", "that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending ", "'s destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "it is unwavering and arresting ", "hack nick davies ", "more spirit and bite ", "the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and ", "amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' ", "veered off too far into the exxon zone , ", "officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . ", "a bittersweet film , ", "espn ", "'s a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit ", "of human frailty fascinates ", "does a solid job of slowly ", "is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . ", "been much better ", "something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities ", "the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . ", "if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you ", "a huge amount of the credit for the film ", "manages to escape the shackles of its own clich\u00e9s to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks ", "dependable concept ", "more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films . ", "will probably be a talky bore . ", "an enthusiastic charm in fire ", "my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . ", "makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role ", "even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators ", "is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . ", "if only it had the story to match . ", "is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . ", "get paid enough to sit through crap like this ", "spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative ", "indoors in formal settings with motionless characters ", "looked like crap ", "submerging ", "has thrown every suspenseful clich\u00e9 in the book at this nonsensical story ", "is phenomenal , especially the women ", "its contrivances ", "boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape ", "sharply comic and ", "was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ", "delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids ", "filter out the complexity ", "explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily ", "leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama ", "i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up ", "enhancing ", "it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . ", "with motionless characters ", "a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie ", "blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ", "a really cool bit ", "a hokey piece ", "through this picture i was beginning to hate it ", "drags , underscoring the obvious ", "releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and ", "bumbling ", "the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . ", "joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery ", "'s a good yarn-spinner ", "such good humor ", "a diverse and astonishingly articulate ", "a sharp , amusing study ", "cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view ", "takes your breath ", "gorgeously ", "justifies ", "is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and ", "a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . ", "carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades ", "lively dream ", "hard-to-swallow premise ", "it 's an ambitious film ", "honestly , i do n't see the point ", "lustrous polished ", "great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense ", "be something to behold ", "drags during its 112-minute length ", "squirming ", "a gobbler like this ", "the folks who prepare ", "a gripping documentary that ", "herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . ", "from this unimaginative comedian ", "going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster ", "tasteful ", "provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ", "effecting ", "'s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ", "makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . ", "show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty ", "you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard ", "another gross-out college comedy -- ugh ", "a movie of riveting power and sadness . ", "overtly disagreeable ", "( stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . ", "that is part biography , part entertainment and part history ", "of new inspiration in it ", ", it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . ", "a ray of hope ", "in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising ", "make this worth a peek ", "have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc ", "hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . ", "modern master ", "april ", "plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . ", "accents so good ", "a hole in your head ", "awful complications ", "so bland ", "guilt-trip ", "a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother . ", "the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed ", "primitive animated special effects ", "pushiness ", ", they ca n't go wrong . ", "various amusing sidekicks ", "a poignant and wryly amusing film ", "take you to outer space ", "turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", "an equally impressive degree ", "a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy ", "at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . ", "fessenden continues to do interesting work , and ", "an infuriating film . ", "while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original . ", "might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . ", "to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys ", ", slow and dreary ", "it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . ", "may look cool ", "unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing ", ", broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . ", "a treatise on spirituality as well as ", "though the story ... is hackneyed ", "that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination ", "has considerable charm . ", "a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher ", "of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach ", "sticks with its subjects a little longer ", "superficial and unrealized ", "low on energy ", "fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . ", "is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting ", "like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . ", "the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all ", "conjured up more coming-of-age stories ", "dry wit and compassion ", "is able to overcome the triviality of the story ", "laughs -- ", "witless mess ", "a spirited film ", "will assuredly have their funny bones tickled ", "gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be ", "may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . ", "naipaul original ", "ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' ", "an affection ", "a powerful emotional wallop ", "hated ", "bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie ", "about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones ", ", lame screenplay ", "represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ", "rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , ", "the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . ", "as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ", "the english call ` too clever by half ", "a fascinating glimpse of urban life ", "cheap , ludicrous attempt ", "will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere ", "rather tired ", "we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls ", "seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ", "( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ", "take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride ", "looks elsewhere ", "petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars ", ", romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief ", "the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . ", "poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws ", "succeed in really rattling the viewer ", "a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him ", "in a series of relentlessly nasty situations ", "deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie ", "emotional and moral ", "a rather listless amble ", "will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach ", "a director enjoying himself immensely ", "bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor ", "this film 's impressive performances and adept direction ", "can be made on the cheap ", "more confused , less interesting ", "not-so-funny gags , ", "the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits ", "the dialogue is cumbersome , ", ", populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . ", "accomplishment ", "is even better than the fellowship . ", "amused by the idea ", "tara reid plays a college journalist , ", "with such confidence ", "'s exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making ", "before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother ", "just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . ", "inquisitive ", "with an inauspicious ", ", another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . ", "those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . ", "succeed merrily ", "should not ", "is turning in some delightful work on indie projects ", "a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait ", "one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live ", "a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion ", "the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks ", "to lift the spirits of the whole family ", "incredibly irritating comedy ", "tens ", "one of the better video-game-based flicks , ", "honest poetry ", "humorous and heartfelt ", "it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . ", "cheap-shot ", "makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen ", "everything that was right about blade ", "traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . ", "hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) ", "good performances keep it from being a total rehash . ", "rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness ", "much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : ", "with lots of laughs ", "will be friends through thick and thin ", "something creepy and vague ", "traditional ", "asylum material ", "seem one-dimensional ", "least favorite ", "poetic force ", "insecure ", "dying ", "most romantic comedies ", "is rich in emotional texture ", "old enough to have developed some taste ", "succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , ", "ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . ", "titular ", "garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . ", "good period reconstruction ", "the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent ", "ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . ", "spirit-crushing ennui ", "real narrative logic ", "is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives ", "the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . ", "` true story ' ", "it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . ", "mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant ", "to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "reason to miss interview with the assassin ", "presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years ", "hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart ", "cares ", "images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic ", "a sour taste in one 's mouth ", "some kid who ca n't act , only ", "entirely infantile ", "the entire exercise has no real point ", "wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother ", "for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 ", "like this movie a lot ", ", is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . ", ", the weight of water is oppressively heavy . ", "of the other foul substances ", "valley of the dolls ", "valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in ", ", without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision ", "pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws ", "to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ", "accept it as life and ", "successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . ", "finds its tone and several scenes run ", "the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion ", "lavish period scenery ", "as vincent became more and more abhorrent ", "nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , ", "a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . ", "'s not funny ", "disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter . ", "solidly entertaining and moving ", "it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain ", "remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ", "the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood . ", "there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot ", "is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within ", "has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and ", ", the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . ", "the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ... ", "reflected in almost every scene ", "ambitious film ", "unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope ", "most important and exhilarating forms ", "overachieving ", "enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . ", "has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "a weak script ", "a classic theater piece ", "but a great one ", "badly cobbled look ", "poignancy ", "the reunion ", "the pay-off is negligible ", "a whole lot ", "this is a movie full of grace and ", "despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . ", "uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters ", "some outrageously creative action in the transporter ", "super-dooper-adorability ", "her pure fantasy character ", "the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . ", "like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow ", "the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances ", "extremely flat ", "'s an ambitious film ", "warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed ", "some soul ", "'s no real sense of suspense ", ", this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . ", "visually engrossing , seldom hammy , ", "demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . ", ", humorless and under-inspired ", "one terrific story ", "quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ", "the superficial way it deals with its story ", "form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand ", "an intense and effective film ", "friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia ", "'s the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful ", "brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) ", "will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic ", "spectacularly ugly-looking broad ", "menacing ", "broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , ", "good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it ", "weepy ", ", french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition ", "peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids ", "emotionally complex ", "anchoring ", "we believe in them ", "only in making me groggy ", "stylistic ", "any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", ": it 's not scary in the slightest . ", "on the cinematic front ", "tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship ", "flavorful performances ", "in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . ", "the film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "exactly wrong ", "the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy ", "'s a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . ", "rising ", "a cut-and-paste ", "was beginning to hate it ", "a good deal ", "give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour . ", "'s more repetition than creativity throughout the movie ", "... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' ", "that peace is possible ", "glows ", "be better to wait for the video ", "nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history ", "the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , ", "a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . ", "she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . ", "designed strictly for children 's home video , ", "a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . ", "some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone ", "not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions ", "disreputable ", ", the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , ", "have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma ", "plotless , shapeless ", "of warmth , color and cringe ", "imponderably stilted and ", "that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence ", "the unexplored story opportunities ", "like their characters ", "cheesiest ", "tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . ", "that rare documentary that incorporates so much ", "'re supposed to shriek ", "puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher ", "estranged from reality ", "with complications ", ", a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . ", "like legally blonde and sweet home abomination ", "most damning ", "the best special effects ", "a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit ", "tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down ", "a rollicking good time ", "were already tired ", "directed , barely , ", "so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "best actress ", "lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ", "of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while ", "the painstaking ", "lovely ", "splendid-looking as this particular film ", "on cotton candy ", "draws us in ", "jackson is always watchable . ", "as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny ", "ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel ", "five screenwriters are credited with the clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ", "comes through all too painfully in the execution ", "'s a talking head documentary , but a great one . ", "boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ", "is icily brilliant . ", "most poorly staged and lit ", "subjugate truth ", "horrendously confusing ", "written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . ", "'s mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . ", "in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent ", "for purposes of bland hollywood romance ", "garde ", "is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances ", "how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy ", "the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , ", "seem so real in small doses ", "more adventurous ", "'s pauly shore awful . ", "the the wisdom and humor ", "might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and ", "an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , ", "make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying ", "does n't bode well for the rest of it ", "me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch ", "a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary ", "this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . ", "shame on writer/director vicente aranda ", "begins to fade from memory ", "you 're not merely watching history ", "does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . ", "of fun for all ", "amused by its special effects ", "ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ", "india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh ", "beautiful to watch and ", "unfocused and ", "almost bergmanesque intensity ", "a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design ", "a satisfying summer blockbuster ", "just does n't work ", "predictable and cloying ", "blob ", "it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . ", "ended so damned soon ", "one of a really solid woody allen film ", "pauly shore awful ", "the worst movies of the year ", "unfunny and unoriginal mess ", "as thought-provoking ", "small-budget ", "top japanese animations ", "that returns the martial arts master to top form ", "this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . ", "spot-on scottish burr ", "two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance ", "as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . ", "coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ", "by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense ", ", what an idea , what a thrill ride . ", "that is dark ", "the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times ", "say for plenty of movies ", "this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . ", "an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture ", "lovely flakiness ", ", bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action ", "such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go ", "get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing ", "were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ", "myopic ", "largely improvised ", "a stunning new young talent in one ", "that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen ", "soap-opera quality twist ", ", spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . ", "whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is ", "a strong and unforced supporting cast ", "tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ", "a way that few movies have ever approached ", "of this laughable dialogue ", "his characters stage ", "confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . ", ", yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . ", "that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo ", "gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ", "` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . ", "fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing . ", "an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . ", "'s immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do ", "too many pointless situations ", "a charming but slight comedy ", "a true study , ", "almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell ", "pushes its agenda too forcefully ", "the movie possesses its own languorous charm . ", "if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will . ", "is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . ", "this movie sucks . ' ", "give it a boost ", "setting off ", "garc\u00eda bernal and talanc\u00f3n are an immensely appealing couple , ", "adorably ditsy but ", "love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . ", "dialogue and plot lapses ", "depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved ", "paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' ", "eerie thriller ", "colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor . ", "works as pretty contagious fun . ", "familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . ", "masterfully controlled ", "of the best of the swashbucklers ", "it 's black hawk down with more heart . ", "an inventive ", "decide what annoyed me most about god is great ", "it may not be particularly innovative ", "turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special ", "barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . ", "there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "spider-man ", "its own ", "the lack ", "kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and ", "going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", "sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings ", "obligatory cheap ", "director lee has a true cinematic knack ", "capable thriller ", "a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience ", "very good ( but not great ) ", "remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) ", "lacks fellowship 's heart ", "in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling ", "swaggers through his scenes ", "an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . ", "great impression ", "african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama ", "a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . ", "required to give this comic slugfest some heart ", "tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet ", "beating the austin powers films ", "spiffy bluescreen technique and ", "then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . ", "does a disservice to the audience and to the genre ", "that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing ", "vicious and absurd ", "the horror fan ", "multi-layered ", "shot on ugly digital video . ", "in this remarkable and memorable film ", "are acting like puppets ", "one of the smarter offerings the horror genre ", "refreshingly realistic , ", "be profane ", ", low-budget and tired ", "to skip it ", "polished , well-structured film . ", "is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow ", "horrific ", "is nicely ", "role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ", "jackass '' fan ", "structure and ", "you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices ", "here is unusually tame ", "not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers ", "for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting ", "give a spark ", "in the excesses of writer-director roger avary ", "full of detail ", "feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . ", "'re going to face frightening late fees ", "life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , ", "of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it ", "is trash ", "too fast ", "bad trip ", "great actors ", "eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes ", "maryam is more timely now than ever . ", "an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine ", "underdeveloped ", "try to surprise us with plot twists ", "talkiness is n't necessarily bad ", "a bad idea from frame one ", "maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards ", "serial murders ", "serious soul ", "with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing ", "a smile ", "a genre gem ", "in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look ", "easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films ", "one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen ", "hackneyed and ", "than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds ", "a tone poem of transgression . ", "of the worst movies of the year ", "chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . ", "do n't see often enough these days ", "cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements ", "aggravating and ", "by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos ", "onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless ", "clamoring for another ride ", "set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york ", "drowsy drama ", "be bored by as your abc 's ", "you 'll forget about it by monday , though ", "deadpan cool , wry humor and ", "a work of extraordinary journalism ", "month ", "right actors ", "the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power ", "fits the bill ", "lively songs ", "winning flight of revisionist fancy ", "those words ", "thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . ", ", it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie ", "is a copy of a copy of a copy ", "otherwise bleak ", "to the core ", "dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , ", "it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . ", "a little more intensity ", "do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace ", "produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised ", "an energizing ", "plays like a tired tyco ad . ", "my great pleasure ", "get a kick out of goofy brits ", "the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations ", "the full monty , but a really strong second effort ", "vulgar dialogue ", "there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . ", "spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it ", "then proceeds to flop ", "place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence ", "his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- ", "a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven ", "beauty to behold ", "a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . ", "goes to absurd lengths ", "to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . ", "comedy ", "forced drama ", "that made it all work ", "is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans ", "strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . ", "to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama ", "reasonably intelligent ", "a souffl\u00e9 gone wrong ", "forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable ", "needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds ", "puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . ", "a fairly revealing study ", "desert ", "there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down . ", "develop her own film language ", "imaginative and ", "the charm of the first movie is still there ", "that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "be fertile sources of humor ", "affirming and ", "with wit and originality ", "though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich\u00e9 . ", "can prevent its tragic waste of life ", "introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , ", "a good human ", "enthusiastic audience ", "superficial characters ", "rewritten , and ", "if considerably less ambitious ", "absorbing , ", "a moving and weighty depiction of one family ", "ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity ", "'ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . ", "no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia ", "` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . ", "'s better ", "more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance ", "cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . ", "of quirky characters and an engaging story ", "art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . ", "with a hack script ", "the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . ", "is barely an hour long . ", "morality tale ", "escape the shackles of its own clich\u00e9s to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks ", "on shame ", "women torn apart by a legacy of abuse ", "to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic ", "by anything on display ", "a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ", "allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself ", "mild disturbance or detached pleasure ", "the cinematic canon , ", "love sweetly ", "the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing . ", "the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing ", "fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting ", "starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie ", "and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . ", "witty , vibrant , and intelligent ", "delights and ", "is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . ", "a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice ", "comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is ", "the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . ", "effective if you stick with it ", "with all of this ", "a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . ", "fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller ", "'s fun , wispy , ", "without a map ", "not everything ", "... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . ", "a smart , compelling drama . ", "would have been better off staying on the festival circuit ", "it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it ", "the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with ", "... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . ", "attractive young leads ", "its best , ", "heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism ", "an achievement ", "begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "absorbing characters ", "lovely and beautifully ", "this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . ", "ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ", "as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ", "affable ", "that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays ", "formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory ", "feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . ", "will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment ", "lacking in chills ", "it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time ", "makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . ", "to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else ", "fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting ", "is always welcome . ", "its courageousness , and ", "wait for your pay per view dollar ", "has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . ", "` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . ", "show blind date , only less ", "a college keg party ", "sharply comic and surprisingly touching ", "engaging ", "does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . ", "pandering ", "the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . ", "a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times ", "of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance ", "has some unnecessary parts and ", "the scruffy sands of its titular community ", ", then you 're at the right film . ", "never feel anything for these characters ", "outrageous or funny ", "real-life persona ", "the man and ", "plays like a student film ", "a wonderful , ghastly film ", "many inimitable scenes ", "i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre ", "is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . ", "emotional evolution ", "most enchanting film ", "perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic ", "visceral , nasty journey ", "suited to a quiet evening on pbs ", "that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it ", "rocky and ", "plant smile-button faces ", "great idea ", "french cinema 's master craftsmen ", "love stories you will ever see ", "hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously ", "provided his own broadside ", "fluffy and disposible ", "torments and angst ", "wonderful , ghastly ", "the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down . ", "there 's no art here ", "though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . ", "are so well ", "i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . ", "you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . ", "is visually ravishing , ", "have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ", "a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", "a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series ", "its demented premise ", "the aaa of action ", "rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings ", "its overinflated mythology ", "the pleasure ", "demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . ", "why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? ", "painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic ", "there is plenty of room for editing , ", ", honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama ", "string ", "intense and engrossing ", "one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout ", "young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . ", "topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . ", "a very good time ", "been given the drive of a narrative ", "arthur schnitzler 's reigen ", "it drags during its 112-minute length ", "such a flat , plodding picture ", "assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties ", "to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "inexpressible and drab wannabe ", "gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ", "'ve marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . ", "seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . ", "emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions ", "an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime ", "of beautiful movement and inside information ", "makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . ", "grace ", "scummy ", "cinema history as the only movie ever ", "this is classic nowheresville in every sense ", "have given this movie a rating of zero . ", "hit-man ", "or worth rooting against , for that matter ", "when you 're a jet ", "musical numbers ", "you 're not a fan ", "without any redeeming value whatsoever . ", "the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism ", "its ludicrous and contrived plot ", "he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego ", "waldo salt screenwriting award ", "particular interest ", "trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit ", "can detract from the affection of that moral favorite ", "a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 ", "the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . ", "felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ", "disquietingly ", "a solid and refined piece ", "its elegantly colorful look and sound ", "is just the point ", "for that matter , shrek ) ", "the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . ", "shows little understanding ", "humorous ", "lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but ", "truly terrible . ", ", biting and witty feature ", "that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another ", "every top-notch british actor ", "with a core of decency ", "'s a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team ", "edgy thriller ", "trapped ", "completely creatively stillborn and ", "makes it all the more compelling ", "to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous ", "undeniably moving ", "more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition ", "filmmakers and performers of this calibre ", "emotional power ", "at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it ", "contrived , ", "sun-splashed whites ", "woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director ", "'' is never lethargic ", "does n't so much phone in his performance as ", "payne has created a beautiful canvas ", "those terrific documentaries ", "is loopy and ludicrous ", "a marginal thumbs ", "remarkable serenity and discipline ", "an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . ", "an intriguing twist ", "'ll keep you wide awake and ... very tense ", "is a tribute ", "get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ", "drags the film down . ", "elevates the material above pat inspirational status ", "is an enjoyable big movie primarily ", "little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors ", "the shocking conclusion ", "combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs ", "none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "desiccated ", "the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective . ", "'s thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . ", "black-and-white ", "the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work ", "wear thin ", "brilliant and macabre ", "richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing ", "'re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "best and most mature comedy ", "can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? ", "interesting matters of identity and heritage ", "lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode ", "involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . ", "a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich\u00e9 ", "see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . ", "energy and geniality ", ", what a thrill ride ", "one problem with the movie ", "klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . ", "making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time ", "at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting ", "a delightful romantic comedy with plenty ", "the formula fresh again ", "her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game ", ", hilariously wicked black comedy ... ", "the movie completely transfixes the audience . ", "done the nearly impossible ", "feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay ", "very depressing movie ", "the enterprise ", "by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music ", "sunk ", "every shot enhances the excellent performances ", "awkward structure ", "birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns . ", "an intelligent and deeply ", "seems uncertain ", "ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . ", "moving and important ", "the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ", ", groan and hiss ", "a james bond series for kids ", "uneven ", "that seems tailor ", "in its attempts ", "will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget ", "out-bad-act the other ", "as a mechanical apparatus ", "when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there . ", "the general 's ", "humanizing stuff ", "is so charmless and vacant ", "has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ", "a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play ", "wickedly funny , ", ", the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey ", "lip-reading ", "brutally honest ", "can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost ", "burn the negative and the script ", "the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . ", "a cult favorite ", "draggy ", "the fetid underbelly of fame ", "as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace ", "runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . ", "its bold presentation ", "much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature ", "missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play ", "fun-for-fun ", "is n't very funny ", "a teeth-clenching gusto ", "buy is an accomplished actress ", "wise and powerful tale ", ", pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . ", "full-bodied wit ", "love stories you will ever see . ", "with a big heart ", "its charms and its funny moments ", "on the shoulders of its actors ", "too bad to be good and ", "wewannour money back , ", "an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . ", "convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons ", "a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look ", ", to my great pleasure , ", "be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ", "distinguishes ", "is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . ", "great yarn ", "radioactive hair ", "thrills the eye ", "episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight ", "warm as it is wise ", "predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . ", "is like a beautiful food entr\u00e9e that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless ", "missing from this material ", "tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . ", "what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ", "faithful ", "an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence ", "on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "great time ", "he does this so well ", "wonderful fencing scenes and ", "it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but ", "'s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . ", "bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "seriously dumb characters ", "a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , ", "to be passionate and truthful ", "awfully good , achingly human ", ", you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox ", "bigger and more ambitious than the first installment ", "a pretty listless collection ", "it 's not very well shot or composed or edited ", "like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties ", "a frustrating patchwork : ", "establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . ", "farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher ", "the performances are an absolute joy . ", "a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . ", "things will turn out ", "to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours ", "the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . ", "lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . ", "an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . ", "poise ", "lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this ", "be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor ", "more unattractive or odorous ", "about the general absurdity of modern life ", "its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises ", "a sincere performance ", "matches the page-turning frenzy ", "adrenaline boost ", "that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus ", "rude and ", "a `` snl '' has-been ", "it gets to you . ", "is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . ", "has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over ", "for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence ", "to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ", "enter the fist is hilarious ", "there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so ", "journalistic or historical ", "allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . ", "it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . ", "the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ", "of its provocative conclusion ", "simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . ", "the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . ", ", glaring and unforgettable . ", "it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works ", "conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . ", "outright bodice-ripper ", "an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ", "though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . ", "compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . ", "about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ", "also rocks ", "by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) ", "to champion the fallibility of the human heart ", "what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni ", "i enjoyed . ", "while the movie is slightly less successful than the first ", "a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , ", "quite tasty and ", "returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . ", "is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story ", "horrors ", "yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't . ", "this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it . ", ", like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "love to come from an american director in years ", "is nearly incoherent ", "we all lose track of ourselves by trying ", "somber pacing and lack ", "the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters ", "suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction ", "so compelling ", "a more annoying , though less angry ", "sneaks up on you and ", "lamer ", "subtle ironies ", "insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . ", "entirely humorless ", "reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan ", "beautiful , aching sadness ", "very well shot or composed or edited ", "... very funny , very enjoyable ... ", "it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ", "does n't quite go the distance ", "skilled actors ", "afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn ", "the movie stirs us as well . ", "very ambitious project ", "one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films ", "likes ", "at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer ", "fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage ", "the best short story writing ", "the right direction ", "if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . ", "more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . ", "childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice ", "is well ", "by the pathetic idea ", "that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", "a year late ", "as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination ", "remains a chilly , clinical lab report ", "increasingly amused irony ", "bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals ", "a deadly bore ", "sitting through dahmer 's two hours ", "has settled for a lugubrious romance ", "sloppily ", "half-step ", "( allen ) ", ", whatever your orientation . ", "is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . ", "can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off ", "anchoring performance ", "score points for political correctness ", "a heartening tale of small victories ", "a stunning film ", "but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release ", "it worth watching ", "cohesive story ", "evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits ", "human drama ", "'s a liability ", "however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . ", "too cynical ", "an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century ", "star performance ", "mind-numbingly ", "begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i ", "excels ", "is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs ", "agile ", "there to scare while we delight in the images ", "complex portrait of a modern israel ", "the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts ", "somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "mindless action ", "gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar ", "a really good premise ", "defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . ", "keeps this pretty watchable , and ", "from such a great one ", "sinister happy ending ", "ambitious ", "a simplistic narrative and ", "one-dimensional characters ", "'s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . ", "the earmarks ", "recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face ", "edit ", "in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice ", "breezy , distracted rhythms ", "my precious new star wars movie ", "has its redundancies ", "the grandness ", "serious subject matter and ", "mean-spirited and wryly observant . ", "i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? ", "she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . ", "a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries ", "tov to a film about a family 's joyous life ", "combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions ", "least favorite ", "accentuating , ", "unrealized ", "hilarious place to visit ", "its tragic waste of life ", "my wife is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . ", "indie of the year ", "the only thing avary seems to care about ", "for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd ", "the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain ", "gaps in their relationships ", "would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary ", "morally ", "should have stayed there ", ", that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... ", "a dazzling conceptual feat ", "dead ", "it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark ", "like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable ", "slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth ", "the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . ", "this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . ", "recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters ", "the action and ", "is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . ", "clients ", "a canny crowd pleaser , ", "that proves you ", "call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie ", "and moving portrait ", "that it 's hard not to be carried away ", "mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism ", "crack you up ", "fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . ", "reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . ", "their heroic capacity for good ", "are mesmerizing ", "oh , and more entertaining , too . ", "stooping ", "after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers ", ", unconvincing dramatics ", "absurdities and clich\u00e9s ", "the performers are so spot on ", "a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side ", "flat , unconvincing drama ", "director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining ", "cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . ", "a sloppy script ", "highest production values ", "sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . ", "engages ", "into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' ", "retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him ", "a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . ", ", eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . ", "the modern master of the chase sequence ", "the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . ", "offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . ", "a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . ", "a film of quiet power . ", "comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . ", "a remake by the numbers ", "for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . ", "plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither ", "its proper home ", "inspiring ", "as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system ", "a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making ", "after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . ", "restrained and subtle ", "the dull ", "a naturally funny film ", "a taste for the quirky ", "as any other arnie musclefest ", "bronze ", "the best actors ", "futuristic women in skimpy clothes ", "annoying orgy ", "failings ", "the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride ", "candid , archly funny ", "vaguely silly overkill ", "the ideal outlet ", "loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful ", "although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse ", "the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but ", "made a more sheerly beautiful film ", "unsuccessful ", "has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "'s just not very smart ", "new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . ", "shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . ", "mentally `` superior '' ", "map thematically and stylistically , and ", "a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . ", "sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its \u00e9lan , humor , bile , and irony . ", "lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . ", "writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic ", "fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie ", "the one not-so-small problem with expecting ", "`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' ", "the gorgeous locales and ", "a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' ", "an uncomfortable experience , but ", "is a disaster ", "most notable ", "everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ", "ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . ", "... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . ", "a kick out of goofy brits ", "return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and ", "eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons ", "odd , inexplicable and unpleasant ", "making reference to other films and trying to be other films ", "should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . ", "rekindle the magic of the first film ", "that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ", "secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . ", "in the travails of creating a screenplay ", "can fully succeed at cheapening it . ", "the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts ", "imitative of innumerable ", ", this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . ", "from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves ", "onto the end credits ", "bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness ", "quirkily appealing ", "rigged and sluggish ", "embraces its old-fashioned themes ", ", thought-provoking film ", "has the usual impossible stunts ", "truly magical ", "... one resurrection too many . ", "'ll love it ", "as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story ", "some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat ", "misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche ", "drag the movie down ", "that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work ", "simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails ", "damned wonderful ", "gigantic proportions ", "a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films ", "beguiling serenity and poise ", "has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point ", "loses all bite on the big screen . ", "when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . ", "has some unnecessary parts ", "captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish ", "knew about generating suspense ", "( or robert aldrich ", "an epic ", "is a big , juicy role ", "the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept . ", "a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads ", "is often very funny ", "super-simple animation ", "and even touching ", "cry for your money back ", "hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . ", "distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them ", "realized on the screen ", "more tiring than anything . ", "this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry ", "ranks as the most original in years . ", "a film with almost as many ", "goes straight to video ", "dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect ", "comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited ", ", you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . ", "get him a few laughs but nothing else ", "a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor ", "best ", "a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along ", "troubled and ", "describe how bad it is ", "the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . ", "now it is a copy of a copy of a copy ", "demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested ", ", i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . ", "'s a talking head documentary , but a great one ", "big bloody chomps ", "keep it up ", "favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 ", "suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , ", "with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor ", "instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull ", "not one clever line ", "a worthwhile glimpse ", "though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . ", "while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . ", ", smoky and inviting ", ", just for them ", "shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly ", "armed with a game supporting cast , ", "that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful ", "to be bored by as your abc 's ", "o matter how much good will the actors generate ", "while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place ", ", the plot 's saccharine thrust ", "it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . ", ", the last kiss is really all about performances . ", "confessions is n't always coherent ", "'s every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films ", "hurried , badly cobbled look ", "of an underdone potato ", "'s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "juicy ", "of earnest textbook psychologizing ", "create and sustain a mood ", "a successful career ", "large-scale action and suspense ", "appealing ", "a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director ", ", it irrigates our souls . ", "despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp ", "of a great one ", "suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers ", "the hearts and minds ", "climactic setpiece ", "need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work ", "a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family ", "a warmth ", "should catch this imax offering ", "keen eye , sweet spirit and ", "an impossible spot ", "is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him ", "about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "of surprises ", "covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- ", "a tv episode rather than a documentary ", "it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . ", "hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat ", "has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed ", "might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john ", "taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us ", "his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place ", "every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm ", "whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . ", "will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution ", "an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor ", "shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . ", "the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it ", "tendency to slip into hokum ", "much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it ", "an engrossing and grim portrait ", "like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . ", "befuddled ", "damon/bourne or ", "gathering dust on mgm 's shelf ", "imax sound system ", "crafty , energetic and smart ", "introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers ", "are the greatest musicians of all time ", "works smoothly ", "of his character ", "praise ", "is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others ", "i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes ", "own staggeringly unoriginal terms ", "in the middle of hopeful ", "fit well together ", "like a mix of cheech and chong ", ", fun cheese puff ", "dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and ", "any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants ", "for the ones that do n't come off ", "every one ( and no one ) ", "cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . ", "thematically complex ", "fantasy ", "an odd show ", "a handful ", "very ugly , very fast ", "the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm ", "much to our dismay ", "raw emotions ", "lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely ", "the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . ", "sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . ", "a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' ", "still fun and enjoyable and ", "exciting documentary . ", "that 's right ", "remains ", "is terrific , ", "nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . ", "so-so , made-for-tv ", "abandon '' ", "named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort ", "been lost in the translation ", ", there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . ", "strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve ", "knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record ", "is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling ", "does display an original talent ", "a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake . ", "not a participant ", "is n't much fun without the highs and lows ", "throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue ", "not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images ", "snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . ", "darned assured ", ", triumphant , ", "crawls along ", "assuredly ", "rock-solid little genre picture ", "both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations ", "too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen ", "a snail 's pace ", "mediocre ", "to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting ", "an engaging and exciting narrative ", "is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . ", "otherworldly ", "so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance ", "has something to say ", "is to be cherished . ", "what the movie lacks in action ", ", redundant , sloppy ", "is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , ", "vibrant introduction ", "fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but ", "sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ", "a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- ", "the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy ", "those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it ", "that it 's hardly watchable ", "the problems of fledgling democracies ", "is an amicable endeavor ", "a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ", "so lovely toward the end ", "clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes ", "replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ", "the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . ", "footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire ", "we 've seen it all before in one form or another ", "me no lika da accents so good , but ", "keep my attention ", "intelligent ", "the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' ", "extravagantly ", "ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting ", "too much exploitation and ", "an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting ", "the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . ", "it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . ", "it happens to flat characters ", "the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- ", "you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "small , human moments ", "dated ", "'s a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look ", "pleasing the crowds ", "in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", "numbingly dull ", "the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . ", "already littered with celluloid garbage ", "jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . ", "is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "a grenade ", "feels strangely hollow at its emotional core ", "the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based . ", "comic gem ", "the film is visually dazzling , ", "light-hearted way ", "it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art ", "even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor ", "cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . ", "to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ", "performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . ", "sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . ", "santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . ", "entertainment ", "the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , ", "it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . ", "morally alert ", "guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters ", "personal tragedy ", "uneven ", "spirit-crushing ", "high production values ", "waste their time ", "reasonably entertaining sequel ", "the production is suitably elegant ", "the film works ", "argentine american beauty reeks ", "generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal ", "left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . ", "mined his personal horrors and ", "parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . ", "no way ", "the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine ", "brings this unknown slice of history affectingly ", "puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula ", "it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , ", "ditched the artsy pretensions ", "the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us ", "kilt-wearing jackson ", "feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . ", "juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . ", "is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see ", "entertaining british hybrid ", "made up for its rather slow beginning ", "pleasing ", "show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . ", "the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' ", "but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . ", "no character , loveable or otherwise ", "distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . ", "the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure ", "cinematic deception ", "false and ", "stunning images and effects ", "craziness ", "amusing , tender and heart-wrenching ", "give credit to everyone from robinson ", "'s a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . ", "is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form ", "emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", "a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : ", "not enough fizz ", "an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "chance to find love in the most unlikely place ", "a fascinating part of theater history ", "davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . ", "the abyss ", "the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed ", "for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse ", "carrying this wafer-thin movie ", "with great help from kevin kline ", "unstinting ", "it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . ", "hugely enjoyable in its own right ", "targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . ", "admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . ", "lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "surprising winner ", "candid , ", "affirm ", "an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . ", "a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . ", "it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . ", "laziest ", "its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map ", "only had a week to live ", "some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences ", "a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . ", "originality of plot ", "return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company ", "in this summer 's new action film ", "of a triumph ", "robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . ", "noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill ", "is brilliant , ", "whimsical ", "with an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "that may make you hate yourself for giving in ", "will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination ", "any naked teenagers horror flick ", "nimble shoulders ", "misguided acts of affection ", "a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . ", "joyful solo performance ", "presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . ", "'s a hellish , numbing experience to watch ", "consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment ", "funny , even punny 6 ", "margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . ", "by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks ", "more trifle than triumph . ", "watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "earnest dramaturgy ", "the uninspired scripts , acting and direction ", "schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . ", "a vivid , spicy footnote to history , ", "finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice ", "an interesting topic , ", "sleeper ", ", we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament ", "is they have a tendency to slip into hokum ", "'s enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages ", "'s a real shame ", "potentially trite and overused concept ", "the payoff is powerful and revelatory ", "tired ", "you 're engulfed by it . ", "is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats ", "managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood ", "does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve ", "love in remembrance ", "this odd , distant portuguese import more or less ", "a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , ", "expert fighters ", "is rotten in the state of california ", "the emotions seem authentic ", "most delightful ", "fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . ", "a cheap , ludicrous attempt ", "decent but dull . ", "to a satisfying crime drama ", "hanukkah ", "that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast ", "an awful snooze . ", "'s not a great monster movie ", "anguished performance ", "most audacious , outrageous ", "looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships ", "part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman ", "romp from robert rodriguez . ", "payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . ", "hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . ", "sometimes dry ", "ridiculous and money-oriented ", "a clear-eyed chronicle ", "appeal ", "its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful ", "marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . ", ", they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . ", "banal and predictable . ", "writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . ", "quasi-documentary ", "first place ", "strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and ", "unleashes ", "( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . ", "suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison ", "the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope ", "lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . ", "-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- ", "burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , ", "much needed ", "to huston 's revelatory performance ", "-- sometimes tedious -- ", "'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story ", "easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity ", "vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . ", "plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film ", "trouble every day is a success in some sense ", "seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world ", "entertaining feature ", ", shapeless documentary ", "sincerity ", "needs to pull his head out of his butt ", "casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors ", "is not a bad movie , just mediocre . ", "too violent ", "as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . ", "onto a different path ", "incredible imax sound system ", "brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . ", "offering fine acting moments and pungent ", "to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning ", "one-of-a-kind ", "thoughtless , random , superficial humor ", "stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . ", "while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . ", "the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . ", "if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . ", "also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . ", ", this is the ultimate movie experience ", "is enjoyable family fare ", "it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . ", "'s a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . ", "late fees ", "does strong , measured work . ", "austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . ", "are undeniably touched . ", "the director is a magician ", "technical triumph ", "'s truly deserving of its oscar nomination ", "a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . ", "inspirational status ", "fairly impressive debut ", "dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care ", "cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits ", "puts an exclamation point on the fact ", "is , by itself , deserving of discussion . ", "'s not particularly well made ", "fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes ", "this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism ", "quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . ", "this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , ", "what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . ", "rare ", "of the plot ` surprises ' ", "exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk ", "its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda ", "'ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out ", "giant step backward ", "rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . ", "needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic ", "a heartening tale of small victories and enduring ", "bring to imax ", "psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ", "goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ", "great performances , stylish cinematography ", "its own existence ", "drags the film ", "appealing character quirks ", "the cat 's meow ", "good fun ", "messing ", "metal , fireballs and revenge ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but ", "gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . ", "is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like ", "offensive and ", "sinks further and further into comedy futility . ", "in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm ", "the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots ", "charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent ", "this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music ", "an ebullient affection ", "ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth ", "the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ", "frothy ` date movie ' ... ", "an original idea for a teen movie ", "in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' ", "a real winner -- ", "a clear point ", "inspire ", "a helping hand ", "the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers ", "a solid , unassuming drama . ", "thoughtful and ", "feeble ", "it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . ", "large-scale ", "'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly ", "beneath otherwise tender movements ", "( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . ", "proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls ", "this beautifully animated epic is never dull . ", "more offended by his lack of faith in his audience ", "living mug shots ", "a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle ", "has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy ", "that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ", "smart and well-crafted ", "with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity ", "with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans ", ", the four feathers comes up short ", "a provocateur ", "is the best ` old neighborhood ' project ", "as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . ", "to induce sleep than fright ", "hilarious kenneth branagh ", "a solid pedigree ", "with bogus profundities ", "follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity ", "enthusiastically ", "with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea ", "to my great pleasure , ", "torn away ", "it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , ", "you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol ", "positively dreadful ", "static ", "that 's both charming and well acted ", "director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema ", "comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film ", "a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . ", "full well ", "sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading ", "a tired , talky feel ", "sitcom material ", "zoom ! ", "geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", "sophisticated ", "as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "cruel ", "ringside seat ", "funny , uplifting and moving ", "an inuit masterpiece ", "is beautiful ", "a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . ", "stolid remake ", "deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . ", "sticky and unsatisfied ", "with solid performances and eerie atmosphere ", "either 11 times too many or else ", "a fascinating ", "even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and ", "this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . ", "food-for-thought cinema ", "try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about ", ", inescapably gorgeous , ", "a frustrating misfire ", "kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . ", "ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . ", "a time machine , a journey back to your childhood ", "motherhood ", "of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed ", "shakes you vigorously ", "play one lewd scene after another ", "a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness ", "merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew ", "of political corruption ", "have a good shot ", "it 's sweet . ", "offer any new insight ", "is n't heated properly , ", "a polished and vastly entertaining caper ", "that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny ", "not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , ", "serene , the humor wry and sprightly ", "somber , absurd , and , finally , ", "human moments ", "handheld ", "endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else ", "was so endlessly ", "has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle ", "this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn ", "cheesier to cheesiest ", "as plain and pedestrian as ", "a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ", "bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio ", "both leads are up to the task ", "long-lived friendships and ", ", most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . ", "are attached to the concept of loss ", "what is kind of special ", "of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "by the incessant use of cell phones ", "be utterly entranced by its subject and ", "a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist ", "with vivid characters and a warm , moving message ", "reassures ", "vapid vehicle ", "rousing ", "be particularly innovative ", "emaciated ", "with steven seagal ", "the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- ", "broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture ", "yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling ", "banal and ", "a fascinating character 's story ", "a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film ", "jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . ", "takes a sudden turn and devolves ", "want to be jolted out of their gourd ", "reap more rewards ", "sweet , ", "saddens ", "has made tucker a star ", "the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies ", "and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . ", "'ll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for ", "would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . ", "epic cinema ", "a stirring visual sequence ", "` what 's the russian word for wow !? ' ", "from david 's point of view ", "that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . ", "is sincere ", "are especially fine ", "it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . ", "to stop watching ", "about its ideas and ", "'' is entertaining . ", "the gorgeous locales ", "with its own cuteness ", "not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece ", "great dragons ! ", "the real turns magical ", "that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "breathtakingly ", "finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . ", "stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry ", "then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees . ", "leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "cinema classic ", "welsh whimsy ", "telling what at heart is a sweet little girl ", "be smarter and more diabolical ", "wives are worse ", "efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . ", "technically and artistically inept ", "were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one ", "( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and ", "one never overwhelms the other ", "grievous but ", "a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past ", "great party ", "stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric ", "inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo ", "in clich\u00e9s and mawkish dialogue ", "grievous ", "you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair ", "lazy ", "bad day ", "something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern ", "from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories ", "proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . ", "there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them ", "a majestic achievement , ", "spectacularly ugly-looking ", "the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . ", "of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry ", "this film biggest problem ? ", "humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . ", "climactic ", "boasts some tart tv-insider humor ", "most virtuous ", "a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation ", "strong itch to explore more ", "triumphant , ", "last 15 minutes ", "with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . ", "would n't want to live waydowntown ", "big laughs ", "lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade ", "stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks ", "of strung-together tv episodes ", "juiceless ", "mark ms. bullock 's best work ", "has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience ", "a verbal duel between two gifted performers ", "long and relentlessly saccharine film ", "... really horrible drek . ", "( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", ", albeit a visually compelling one , ", "expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence ", "a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery ", "be spectacularly outrageous ", "( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . ", "a pretty funny movie ", "under the skin of her characters ", "that will capture the minds and hearts of many ", "the bad things ", "smart and complicated ", "so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey ", "benefit enormously ", "chilly , clinical lab report ", "as appalling as any ` comedy ' ", "mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . ", "with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? ", "is as delightful as it is derivative ", "to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) ", "looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . ", "scare while we delight in the images ", "and unrelentingly exploitative ", "sleek and arty ", "a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly ", "mostly due to its superior cast ", "intoxicating show ", "meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots ", "its laziest ", "see this terrific film with your kids -- ", "anchored by splendid performances ", "more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . ", "more interesting -- and , dare i say , ", "kids to watch too many barney videos ", "is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . ", "a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture ", "dumbed-down ", "a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker ", "exactly endearing ", "is dark , brooding and slow , and ", "the gloss ", "it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting ", "gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . ", "for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "vibrant creative instincts ", "it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . ", "rambling and incoherent ", "engaging diatribes ", "a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ", "blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop ", "elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly ", "only dull ", "shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ", "not a trace ", "something original ", "but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . ", "you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and ", "of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work ", "visuals and enveloping sounds ", "becomes more and more frustrating ", "'s a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . ", "emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment ", "honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . ", "viewing in university computer science departments for years to come ", "includes battlefield earth and showgirls ", "a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside ", "'s back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . ", "spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . ", "family-friendly ", "is entertaining ", "sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . ", "integrating the characters in the foreground ", "particularly funny ", "the film is visually dazzling ", "lead actress ga\u00ef , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ", "the very best ", "should strike a nerve in many ", "an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be ", "secondary ", "even the stuffiest cinema goers ", "feel-bad ", "no rest period , no timeout ", "an amusing little catch ", "for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . ", "made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid ", "a bad sitcom ", "a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . ", "matches about it . ", "chopsocky ", "high note ", "top-notch ", "great movie ", "simple pleasures ", "utter loss ", "unforced , rapid-fire delivery ", "there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . ", "lead a group of talented friends ", "admittedly manipulative ", "'s also nice ", "the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters ", "critically insightful ", "fun and nimble . ", "a glorified sitcom , ", "that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "immature and unappealing ", "and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . ", "developed characters so much ", "a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . ", "try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson ", "interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , ", "in rhetoric and clich\u00e9 ", "does n't work as either . ", "a compelling motion ", "proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business ", ", it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . ", "attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . ", "is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . ", "enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . ", "too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book ", "deeply biased ", "numb experience ", "it 's a spectacular performance - ahem ", "transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . ", "australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . ", "worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ", "something for everyone . ", "wartime ", "sucking you ", "heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations ", "students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously ", "matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . ", "if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers . ", "as those monologues stretch on and on ", "no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "clear-cut ", "a painful ride ", "those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . ", "emphatic ", "this a remarkable and novel concept ", "the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was ", "grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . ", "`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . ", ", the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . ", "pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . ", "interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic ", "cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . ", "good intentions ", "humorless , self-conscious art drivel ", "confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . ", "covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. ", "a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy ", "'s serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull ", "the hardy spirit of cuban music ", "this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . ", "is a trove of delights . ", "too erotic nor very thrilling ", "the pretensions -- and disposable story -- ", "a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick ", "that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard ", "profane and exploitative ", "is as bad at it is cruel ", "touch ", "put away the guitar , ", "fascinating little tale ", "to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching ", "the gifted korean american stand-up ", "fresh , sometimes funny ", "the routine day to day ", "a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 ", "thoughtful movie ", "the troubling thing ", "manual ", "that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady ", "enough charming moments ", "worse , routine ", "the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely ", "it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but ", "a winning and wildly fascinating work ", "a lousy script , ", "gag two or three times ", "in space , no one can hear you snore ", "labored writing and slack direction ", "a gorgeously strange movie , heaven ", "as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- ", "to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror ", "how good ", "yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . ", "to eat popcorn ", "give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed ", "an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans ", "libido film ", "bland , surfacey way ", "through its hackneyed elements ", "to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "loss ", "good as the original ", "sade achieves the near-impossible : ", "intelligent , well-made b movie ", "dumb fart jokes ", "sucks . ' ", "enough sentimental ", "translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . ", "it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre ", "an engaging mystery ", "what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . ", "the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it ", "modern masculine journey ", "i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . ", "a weird , arresting little ride . ", "mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain ", "an intelligent screenplay and ", "as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful ", "blue hilarity ", "this film 's impressive performances and ", "qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . ", "fails to provoke them . ", "there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . ", "a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull ", "slam-dunk ", "hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses ", "impressive stagings ", "that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other ", "these women 's souls right open ", "in the right place ", "the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' ", "lacking the slightest bit ", "layered , well-developed characters ", "true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . ", "does n't make much ", "ear-pleasing ", "he is always sympathetic . ", "requisite faux-urban vibe ", "'s not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ", "the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that ", "should have been the ultimate imax trip ", "particularly amateurish ", "real-time rhythms ", "looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale ", "his lack of self-awareness ", "predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch ", "but very pleasing at its best moments ", "nothing short of refreshing ", "if downbeat , ", "wreck ", "get the same love story and ", "is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? ", "the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake ", "of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly ", "i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . ", "to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness ", "found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays ", "hard-sell image-mongering ", "elegantly balanced movie ", "so engagingly ", "childish things ", "at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it ", "some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ", "fun-seeking summer audiences ", "musty ", "an astounding performance ", "paul cox needed to show it . ", "have gone straight to video . ", "said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees ", "of elaborate and twisted characters ", "crime drama ", "seen through the right eyes ", "schlocky creature ", "its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ", "it 's still not a good movie ", "commands attention ", "comic voice ", "finely written ", "purpose and even-handedness ", "spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do ", "if it had just gone that one step further ", "less mature ", "coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs ", "imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers ", "a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ", "the funny bone ", "the trifecta of badness ", "destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ", "their seats ", "a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and ", "from the movie gods ", "her bully of a husband ", "that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and ", "at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois ", "suffocate ", "make it sting ", "and sublime music ", "is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences ", "home alabama ", "gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - ", "direct-to-video ", "they spend years trying to comprehend it ", "great artistic significance ", "characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil ", "to be favorably compared to das boot ", ", organic character work ", "a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . ", "were an obligation ", "the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . ", "retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching ", "a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters ", "as a bitter pill ", "perfectly pleasant if ", "being very inspiring or insightful ", "resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . ", "as pretty contagious fun ", "i enjoyed it just as much ! ", "when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation ", "made , on all levels , ", "flaws , but also ", "its impressive images ", "to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious ", "unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains ", "sweet spirit ", "plays like some corny television production from a bygone era ", ", treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . ", "in the right direction ", "is clearly a good thing . ", "will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face ", "shift ", "wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? ", "awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude ", "enjoying the big-screen experience ", "underdeveloped effort ", "revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions ", "if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks ", "neil burger here succeeded in ", "the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man ", "also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , ", "funny stuff ", "escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . ", "is very original ", "lax and limp ", "emotional heart ", "the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . ", ", rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings ", "far more often than the warfare ", "manages to be even worse than its title ", "arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . ", "all the outward elements of the original ", "is n't very funny . ", "the story is lacking any real emotional impact ", "a very moving and revelatory footnote ", "misogyny ", "pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , ", "it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . ", "but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches ", "mediocre one ", "an achingly enthralling premise , the film ", "pseudo-philosophic twaddle ", "comes ", ", we 'd prefer a simple misfire . ", ", the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . ", "have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . ", "gets violently gang-raped ", "angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . ", "laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man ", "happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . ", "with strange and wonderful creatures ", "a surprisingly faithful remake ", "this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . ", "reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds ", "a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' ", ", i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . ", "'s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type ", "takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze ", "frustrates and captivates ", "is clever ", "in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels ", "adorable italian guys . ", "serious and thoughtful . ", "are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ", "bona fide groaners ", "at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance ", "a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big ", ") just too bratty for sympathy ", "subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ", "( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , ", "works so well for the first 89 minutes , ", "runs around and acts like a doofus ", "that it does afford ", "to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ", "a frightening and compelling ` ", "is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication ", "stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ", "staggers between flaccid satire and what ", "mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and ", "refreshingly clear ", "swooning elegance ", "screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . ", "sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating ", "intimate and socially encompassing ", "perry 's good and ", "lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . ", "that 's something i would rather live in denial about ", "alert , if not ", "about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . ", "subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances ", "make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up ", "transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film ", "is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . ", "of satisfying entertainment ", "the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and ", ", jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . ", "the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity ", "first-time director jo\u00e3o pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . ", "seedy clash ", "interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots ", "leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . ", "no wit , only ", "grand fart ", "see the forest for the trees ", "so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style . ", "is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . ", "soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ", "challenging or depressing ", "bracingly truthful antidote ", "i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . ", "`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and ", "that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film ", "everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ", "thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment ", "'s already done way too often ", "an accuracy ", "... a solid , unassuming drama . ", "energizes it ", "the plot ` surprises ' ", "who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest ", "too obviously ", "miss it ", "moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . ", "go at all the wrong moments ", "little wit ", "the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , ", "they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so ", "the superficial way ", "` terrorists ", "find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests ", "boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory ", "plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast ", "an architect of pop culture ", "charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . ", "the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and ", "as a tribute ", "show-stoppingly hilarious ", "loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . ", "mean things ", "trust an audience 's intelligence ", "laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy ", "the requisite faux-urban vibe and ", "of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "is repetitious ", "a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration ", "can not overcome blah characters ", "pointed , often tender , ", "viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike ", "made eddie murphy a movie star and the man ", "gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record ", "it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . ", "most multilayered and sympathetic ", "could ever have hoped to be ", "it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' ", "is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . ", "botches ", "a memorable experience ", "a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . ", "is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but ", "with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy ", "is the best star trek movie in a long time . ", "are also some startling , surrealistic moments ", "this 90-minute dud ", "terminally cute drama ", "hallmark card sentimentality ", "rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ", "dimness ", "like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . ", "is definitely worth seeing ", "also rocks . ", "foul-natured ", "with fewer gags to break the tedium ", ", you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . ", "seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . ", "a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . ", "succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . ", "a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama ", "at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . ", "powerful and reasonably fulfilling ", "leaving you ", "... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . ", "two gifted performers ", "my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "effort to understand everyone 's point of view ", "little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating ", "all too familiar ", "inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc ", "is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . ", "skip this turd and ", "danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . ", "real ", "the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . ", "the beauty and power ", "their heroic capacity ", "flat effort ", "concession stand and/or restroom ", "high hilarity ", "real stars ", "often watchable , though goofy and lurid , ", "a loquacious and dreary piece of business . ", "a pleasant distraction ", "not much else ", "it ca n't help but engage an audience ", "considerable punch ", "is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his ", "the dullest kiddie flicks ", "one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . ", "make for a bad film ", ", fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "problematic quest ", "consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . ", "unfunny comedy ", "overly convenient ", "the wonder of mostly martha ", "to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it ", "campanella 's competent direction and ", "clarke-williams 's ", "an odd but ultimately satisfying blend ", "holes and completely lacking in chills ", "a good deal funnier than his original ", "hot-button items ", ", somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", "ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ", "a commanding screen presence ", "as earnest as a community-college advertisement ", "this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events ", "signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . ", "very touching ", "depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being . ", "of criminals ", "has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . ", "add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . ", "is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep ", "action hero performances ", "resorting to camp or parody ", "torn apart ", "the few ` cool ' actors ", "the pungent bite of its title ", ", ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' ", "comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild ", "tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film ", "acting like puppets ", "than anything that 's been done before ", "difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "grow into a movie career ", "thought-provoking and stylish ", "raunchy and ", "depressingly thin ", "would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel ", "returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ", ", but far more witty ", "handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter ", "she might not make for a while ", "is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "of sentimental ooze ", "sometimes improbable story ", "sensitive and astute ", "evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . ", "witty and ", ", original ", "a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion ", "his life drew to a close ", "sweet and memorable film ", "laziness and arrogance ", "according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . ", "is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . ", "which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less ", "at the mercy of its inventiveness ", "'s very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle ", "stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . ", "a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and ", "of veracity and narrative grace ", "as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller ", "is equally hackneyed ", "deeply affecting film ", "leaden ", "unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . ", "the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . ", "is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while ", "manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy ", "woe-is-me ", "'s an entertaining movie ", "perfect for a ballplayer ", "the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , ", "first great film ", "adrenalin ", "not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ", "sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative . ", "falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . ", "does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past ", "loses its fire ", "dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances ", "appropriate comic buttons ", "must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans ", "been made with an enormous amount of affection ", "it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out ", "a great premise ", "may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences ", ", the trip there is a great deal of fun . ", "too big ", "'s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . ", "kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and ", "is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . ", "within a wallflower ", "are worthwhile ", "bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . ", "keener is marvelous ", "may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ", "a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . ", "may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' ", "feel good about ", ", dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . ", "an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . ", "wo n't be disappointed . ", "fits into a classic genre ", "blacked out ", "that really does n't have much to say beyond the news ", "that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest ", "great cinema can really do ", "cliches , painful improbability and murky ", "slow , ", "new , or inventive , journey ", "a noticeable lack of pace ", "relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . ", "like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . ", "( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way ", "natural , even-flowing tone ", "the wisdom and humor ", "captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction ", "the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing ", "an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive ", "aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness ", "particularly amateurish episode ", "fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , ", "rampant adultery ", "would n't make trouble every day any better ", "lacks in eye-popping visuals ", "the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . ", "deserves the hook ", "is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . ", ", the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . ", "his smooth , shrewd , powerful act ", "disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ", "often achieves a level of connection and concern ", "it feels much longer ", "undernourished ", "an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . ", "never succeed in really rattling the viewer ", "that it was intended to be a different kind of film ", "anemic ", "thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film ", "those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart ", "of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow ", "a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . ", ", sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . ", "of animal house ", "gorgeousness ", "a listless and desultory affair ", "that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film ", "unexpected ways , touching ", "the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny . ", "a story of dramatic enlightenment ", "the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash ", "94-minute travesty ", "a freshness and modesty ", "of visual flair ", "a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination ", "huge fan ", "need of a cube fix ", "is silly beyond comprehension ", "samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is . ", "its exquisite acting , ", "is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . ", "its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . ", "such life-embracing spirit ", "so sloppily written ", "go unnoticed and underappreciated ", "the lovers ", "minority report '' astounds . ", "bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state ", ", spiteful idiots ", "he seems embarrassed to be part of ", "an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films ", "understated piece of filmmaking ", "gross-out college comedy ", "like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers ", "the film 's story does not live up to its style ", "the opulent lushness ", "is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . ", "a community-college advertisement ", "splash ", "for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster ", "deadly dull ", "through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh ", "the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . ", "the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ", "goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy ", "the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film ", "the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up ", "its sensitive handling ", "of old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "committed to film ", "eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... ", "jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . ", "thoroughly unrewarding all of this ", "if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . ", "fanciful ", "artful ", "too simple ", "gutsy ", "with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects ", "a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue ", "bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee ", "pointed personalities ", "material this rich it does n't need it ", "any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice ", "funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work ", "cherished ", "may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain ", "a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . ", "diverting and modest ", "her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic ", "disquieting triumph ", "hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ", ", i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . ", "worthy of her considerable talents ", "meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , ", "bold by studio standards ", "it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . ", "showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times ", "love it , too ", "he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ", "is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ", "are masterfully controlled ", "into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department ", "brilliantly written and ", "the best date movie of the year ", "this is a superior horror flick . ", "its idiocy ", "funny , insightfully human ", "a fair bit of vampire fun ", "an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . ", "as saccharine as it is disposable . ", "bad run ", "this film biggest problem ", "of relentlessly nasty situations ", "as sharp ", "time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . ", "worshipful ", "give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard ", "festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . ", "reinvigorated the romance genre ", ", ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . ", "hostile ", "first and ", "derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . ", "successfully ", "sordid to function as comedy ", "at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and ", "both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters ", "clever and very satisfying picture ", "very stupid and annoying ", "surprisingly well ", "plain old ", "sirk ", "there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but ", "several cliched movie structures : the road movie , ", "the screenplay to keep the film entertaining ", "far too sentimental ", "are an absolute joy . ", "has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . ", "the face of death ", "lusty , ", ", like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . ", "an mtv , sugar hysteria , ", "like a recycling of clich\u00e9s , an assassin 's greatest hits ", "and dog lovers ", "boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years ", "releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them ", "a strong script , powerful direction ", "the slapstick is labored ", "also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . ", "it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . ", "ride for the kiddies , with enough eye ", "quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . ", "awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story ", "wide-awake all the way ", "the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . ", "elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions ", "the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time . ", "it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . ", "of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation ", "be used to burn every print of the film ", "reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm ", "it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . ", "of torture and self-mutilation ", "an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . ", "give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss ", "brought something fresher to the proceedings ", "ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here ", "this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . ", "going to take you ", "there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups ", "black hawk down and we were soldiers ", "brooding ", "with an action movie that actually has a brain ", "is misbegotten ", "stylish ", "on toilet humor , ethnic slurs ", "stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . ", "no charm ", "( a ) satisfying niblet ", ", it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . ", "dismiss -- ", "use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d ", "a lot better ", "unflappable air ", "one decent performance ", ", it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . ", "a complex story ", "any way of gripping what its point is ", "there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ", "dynamism ", "is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ", "its heart ", "is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . ", "among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact ", "that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ", ", or inventive ", "she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . ", "no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer ", "create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time ", "the beautiful images and solemn words ", "she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl ", "the movie could be released in this condition ", "cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . ", "in treading the line between sappy and sanguine ", "leave you wanting more , ", "is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . ", "a canny crowd pleaser , and ", "anyone 's guess ", "of hell so shattering it ", "be over ", "it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . ", "worst ", "engaging and exciting narrative ", "more ambitious ", "with a grand whimper ", "fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite ", "tired , ", "'s mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here ", "there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door . ", "are in perfect balance . ", "evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun . ", "kathy baker 's creepy turn ", "the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... ", "to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career ", "few sequels ", "is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . ", "thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another ", "sitting in a downtown caf\u00e9 , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and ", "to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them ", "resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . ", "if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie . ", "her skin ", "a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . ", "in a movie full of surprises ", "is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . ", "a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . ", "interesting look ", "such high-profile talent ", "wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence ", "hypnotically dull ", "a sleeper success ", "wholesome and ", "make chan 's action sequences boring . ", "eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , ", "speculative effort ", "the best movie ", "the respect they ", "elegant , mannered and teasing . ", "a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief ", "lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . ", "will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and ", "creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history ", "touching love story ", "a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . ", "just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception ", "who inhabit it ", "great minds ", "have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching ", "serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves ", "intelligence or invention ", "that has no point and goes nowhere ", "who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . ", "eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy ", "like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . ", "a menace ", "crack cast ", "record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse ", "strength ", "with a certain degree of wit and dignity ", "is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage ", "thumbs up ", "it 's hardly watchable ", "a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community . ", "ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . ", "reveals itself slowly , intelligently ", "'s about issues most adults have to face in marriage ", "memorable cinematic experience ", "live-wire ", "is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad ", "crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best ", "quite a nosedive ", "its performances ", "engages us in constant fits of laughter ", "this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall ", "the filmmakers know how to please the eye , ", "irresistible blend ", "old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale ", "live-action cartoon ", "great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting ", "for its rather slow beginning ", "it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ", "gripping portrait ", "full of elaborate and twisted characters ", "keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired ", "painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . ", "infuses ", "of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema ", "do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse ", "in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed ", ", as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . ", "rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . ", "cutting and blurry ", "captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . ", "a tremendous , offbeat sense ", "a compelling film . ", "has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , ", "profane and exploitative as the most offensive action ", "to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "is that it counts heart as important as humor . ", "slippery slope ", "smarter and subtler ", "ms. bullock 's best work ", "it 's worth seeing ", "paul bettany is cool . ", "treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate ", "with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park . ", "suffers from all the excesses of the genre . ", "obvious . ", "goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' ", "subzero version ", "has considerable charm ", "could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . ", "provocative and ", "remarkably ", "a relationship that is worthy of our respect ", "the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ", "moviegoing pleasures ", "forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . ", "jason x is this bad on purpose ", "endearing , masterful ", "a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . ", "deviant behavior ", "finely crafted , finely written ", "succeed ", "the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . ", "its just not a thrilling movie ", "an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys ", "soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' ", "to be truly prurient ", "action sequences and some of the worst dialogue ", "fun-loving ", "it is ", "`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . ", "soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich ", "one of the most repellent things ", "every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do ", "nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable ", "rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes . ", "it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . ", "an old-fashioned scary movie , ", "the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way ", "the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . ", "make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book ", "leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' ", "with a big impact ", "this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . ", "talented performers ", "on ugly digital video ", "boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ", "is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count ", "mishmash ", "strain ", "it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity ", "movie dawdle ", "'m not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche ", "of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire ", ", energetic and smart ", "its underventilated p\u00e8re-fils confrontations ", "does cathartic truth telling ", "with grace and humor and ", "clear-eyed chronicle ", "he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure ", "hilariously , gloriously alive , ", "the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . ", "efficiency and an affection for the period ", "( and better ", "with talent ", "entirely witless and ", "my greatest pictures ", "adventure ", "perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable ", "who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents ", "like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . ", "there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . ", ", this movie just goes on and on and on and on ", "the war of the roses , ' ", "a limp eddie murphy ", "an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . ", "scott 's convincing portrayal ", "disapproval ", "it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end ", "calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side ", "much more watchable ", "not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . ", "refresh ", "a sick and evil woman ", "fu ", "the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and ", "numerous , world-renowned filmmakers ", "dates ", "told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ", "flaccid satire ", "nation ", ", mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . ", "fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic ", "bad sound ", "idealism ", "'s coherent ", "( at least ) moore is a real charmer . ", "most delightful moments ", "full of life and small delights ", "with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . ", "being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ", "warm and exotic . ", "absurdly simplistic ", "except for the fine star performances ", "warm and ", "barely tolerable ", "tasteful to look at ", "you 'll find in this dreary mess . ", "contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art ", "fine effort ", "... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . ", "dave barry 's popular book ", "highly pleasurable ", "dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time ", "to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", ", often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ", "cowardly ", "a stylish thriller . ", "the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes ", "'s absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan ", "wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . ", "martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying ", "enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , ", "a fine , understated piece of filmmaking ", "unexpected fable ", "achingly honest and delightfully cheeky ", "is simple but absorbing . ", "been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout ", "take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ", "in its laid-back way ", "weirdness ", "toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater ", ", laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . ", "stirring music ", "is one of the best actors there is ", "well-meant but unoriginal . ", "bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . ", "his most daring , and complicated , performances ", "every theater stuck with it ", "a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all ", "is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes ", "fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "kept much of the plot ", "thanks to a small star with big heart ", "just too silly and ", "the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? ", "seem like mere splashing around in the muck ", "vivid , convincing ", "in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot ", "... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ", ", heart-felt drama ", "with roussillon providing comic relief ", "the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was ", "grayish ", ", pity anyone who sees this mishmash . ", "to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ", "for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . ", "in action ", "honest performances and exceptional detail ", "good things ", "a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit ", "do n't judge this one too soon ", "violent and mindless ", "suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . ", "a perfect performance ", ", luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain ", "wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue ", "there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . ", "a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease ", "soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , ", "'s a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , ", "a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will ", "that old adage about women being unknowable ", "the edge of their seats ", "what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ", "a fairly slow paced ", "full of grace ", "better ", "tell the best story ", "predictable outcome ", "outweigh the positives ", "one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect ", "a dramatic comedy as pleasantly ", "solid , satisfying fare for adults ", "charmless and vacant ", "could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . ", "a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . ", "we value in our daily lives ", "bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . ", "is about as interesting ", "is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "emotional conviction ", "affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . ", "enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins ", "there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening ", "beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates ", "` christian bale 's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' ", "a sensitive , moving , ", "dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions ", "had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with . ", "hideous yellow ", "uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong ", "as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ", "the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates ", "a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family ", "stimulating and ", "palatable presentation ", "a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . ", "it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears ", "'s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ", "have . ", "the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . ", "'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ", "does n't trust laughs ", "a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt ", "sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth ", "major pleasures ", "forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone ", "is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ", "dazzling entertainment ", "the sheer beauty of his images ", "mr. koshashvili is a director to watch . ", "of naivet\u00e9 and sophistication ", ", first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . ", "whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . ", "is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . ", "get in the way ", "the intoxicating fumes and ", "at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . ", "'s the image that really tells the tale ", "as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover ", ", i hate myself most mornings . ", "the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . ", ", it is n't much fun . ", "awed ", "being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . ", "a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ", "the passion , creativity , and fearlessness ", "if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out ", "genre thrills ", "portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue ", "bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action ", "an appealing couple -- ", "thrill you ", ", it 's pretty stupid . ", "addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat ", "another tired old vision ", "its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . ", "spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` ", "this is a truly , truly bad movie . ", "even betters it ", ", like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . ", "includes too much obvious padding . ", "celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ", "ebullient affection ", "big splash ", "irony ", "an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else . ", "a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother . ", "an extraordinary poignancy , ", "may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , ", "by a master ", "was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism ", ", not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . ", "you have left the theater ", "sluggish , tonally uneven ", "had , lost , and got back ", "the film is way too full of itself ; ", "skilled ", "churn out one mediocre movie ", "never rises to a higher level ", "rehashes several old themes ", "a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those ", "is just an overexposed waste of film ", "his best film ", "may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . ", "without a glimmer of intelligence or invention ", "it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film ", "distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up ", "is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate ", "was put through torture for an hour and a half ", "be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality ", "hideously and ", "is nothing redeeming about this movie . ", "pinnacle ", "a sun-drenched masterpiece , ", "great cast ", "begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject ", "a terrible movie , just ", "'s impossible to shake . ", "that have become a spielberg trademark ", "on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye ", "the brilliant performances by testud ", "see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . ", "comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . ", "with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny ", "sitcom-worthy solutions ", ", he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . ", "used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending ", "the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt ", "conspicuous success ", "wannabe film -- ", "his penchant ", "about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast ", "does n't deliver a great story , nor ", "think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity ", "clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line ", "the hurried , badly cobbled look ", "mostly fool 's ", "is both a snore and utter tripe ", "quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite ", "one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , ", "most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ", "'' is a big time stinker . ", "whose pervasive quiet ", "if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ", "tired , talky feel ", "in middle-of-the-road blandness ", "all awkward , ", "the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . ", "'s as sweet as greenfingers ", "gorgeous film ", "wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt ", "exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit ", "to some talented performers ", "` swept away ' sinks . ", "cinematic appeal ", ", simple-minded and stereotypical ", "try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . ", "a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties ", "'s been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . ", "offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . ", "transcendent ", "gain from watching they ", "for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions ", "'s unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . ", "a hallucinatory dreamscape ", "to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time ", "a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death ", "a trend ", "that the movie has no idea of it is serious ", "seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight . ", "one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom ", "little visible talent and no energy ", "` dumb ", "a lighthearted glow , ", "with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie ", "have been an eerie thriller ", "on hammy at times ", "are reflected in almost every scene . ", "a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ", "despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste ", "this movie is hopeless ", "irresponsible ", "pitifully unromantic ", "the next a turgid drama ", "while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . ", "a good film ", "serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale ", "they are in this tepid genre offering ", "loneliness and desperate grandiosity ", "a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . ", "bull ", "inventive and mordantly humorous ", "against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva ", "almost unbearably morbid ", "the endlessly repetitive scenes ", "handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . ", "the novel charm ", "a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian ", "is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny ", "the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . ", "there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way ", "contrived , awkward ", "no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ", "a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort ", "honesty , insight and humor ", "drop dead gorgeous ", "an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form ", "little vidgame pit ", "as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy ", "and effective film ", "stand-up magic ", "giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies ", "the courageous molly craig ", "in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other ", "remarkable performances ", "that storytelling has value can not be denied . ", "spirals downward , and ", "of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . ", "confidence ", "me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story ", "the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . ", "in an intriguing bit of storytelling ", "does a solid job ", "extremely funny ", "stay with the stage versions , however , ", "'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . ", "like any good romance ", "when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns ", "lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve ", "is one that should be thrown back in the river ", "to be engaging ", "collapses under its own meager weight . ", "plodding action sequences ", "as ugly as the shabby digital photography and ", "becomes predictably conventional ", "not smart and ", "in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ", "a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy ", "past love story derisions ", "an astonishing voice cast ", "rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . ", "unerring ", "it makes you feel like a chump ", "oddly compelling ", "the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . ", ", ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . ", "in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing ", "are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ", "never feels derivative ", "sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . ", "an encouraging effort from mccrudden ", "is at once intimate and universal cinema . ", "funny stuff in this movie ", "with some powerful people ", "targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic ", "deserved co-winner ", "a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible ", "between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial ", ", implausible ", "possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . ", "uses its pulpy core conceit ", "because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive ", "is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness ", "of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ", "mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . ", "'s why sex and lucia is so alluring . ", "queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . ", "inspiring , ironic , ", "a soul and ", "captivating details ", "with a few lingering animated thoughts ", "concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "perform ", "a tired , unnecessary retread ", "sensual and funny ", "non-exploitive approach ", "is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds ", "a crescendo ", "is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow ", "but blatantly biased ", "unabashedly romantic picture ", "become a historically significant work ", "that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ", "why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie ", "drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) ", "is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us ", "such a lousy way ", "the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . ", "( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) ", "might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block ", "is beyond playing fair with the audience ", "the wake of saving private ryan ", "find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective ", "just ca n't take it any more ", "the emotional heart of happy ", "a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can ", "that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame ", "at its laziest ", "a good film in `` trouble every day ", "blah ", "veers like a drunken driver ", "spotty ", "the movie you 're looking for ", "that powerhouse of 19th-century prose ", "the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' . ", "and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . ", "most splendid ", "highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast ", "below is well below expectations . ", "badly awry ", "of the creative act ", "her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset ", "of france 's most inventive directors ", "a truly wonderful tale ", "decent-enough nail-biter ", "it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . ", "strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . ", "in what is essentially an extended soap opera ", "particularly impressive ", "still works . ", "gives none to the audience ", "that takes too long to shake ", "is a whole lot of nada . ", "candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand ", ", mad love looks better than it feels . ", "interesting characters ", ", cliched and clunky ", "unexpectedly insightful ", "this sad , compulsive life ", "nice , harmless ", "to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense ", "is an interesting movie ", "is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces ", "is an interesting movie ! ", "'s an unhappy situation all around ", "that the highest power of all is the power of love ", "hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ", "movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid ", "ray liotta ", "violence ", "while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch . ", "dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography ", "would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play ", "it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace ", "yet feels universal ", "that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out ", "'s a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . ", "so poorly plotted and scripted . ", "'s impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face ", "muted ", "texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , ", "barrie good time ", "tastelessness and ", "riveting power and sadness ", "proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary ", "liberating ", "a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . ", "its own staggeringly unoriginal terms ", "to see how far herzog has fallen ", "at every opportunity to do something clever ", "a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex ", ", pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . ", "i have returned from the beyond to warn you : ", "'s fun for kids of any age . ", "two-dimensional offerings ", "graceless and ", "a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , ", "drown yourself in a lake ", "a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . ", "a good fight ", "potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . ", "better movie ", "infatuated ", "earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones ", "it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . ", "sobering and powerful documentary ", "a graceful , moving tribute ", "the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . ", "is n't really about anything . ", "prickly ", "likeable characters ", "seeing himself in the other , ", "is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . ", "just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... ", "contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major ", "putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way ", "a lot of charm ", "repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences ", "demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged ", "terrible story ", "flailing ", "the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing ", "made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate ", "'s both charming and well ", "delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . ", "one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ", "drop your jaw ", "otherwise , this could be a passable date film . ", "indulges in the worst elements of all of them . ", "rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue ", "it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . ", "in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug ", "stay afloat ", "sexy ", "have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed ", "to give them credit for : the message of the movie ", "donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences ", "takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . ", "talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise ", "disturb ", "poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . ", "the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe ", "impassive a manner ", "is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it ", "from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply ", "the filmmaking clumsy and rushed ", "absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion ", "that it 's the butt of its own joke ", "things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably ", "even the digressions are funny . ", "a high water mark for this genre ", "to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made ", "the direction of spielberg ", "no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . ", "90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . ", "memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual ", "a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas ", "a mournful undercurrent ", "angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence ", "lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit ", "even witty ", "the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action ", "a likable story ", "that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation ", "his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways ", "it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one ", "hop beat ", "as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it ", "remains the real masterpiece ", "there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . ", "the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable ", "a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ", "unromantic ", "for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) ", "had all its vital essence scooped out and ", "narrative discipline ", "improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end ", "read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . ", "'s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and ", "enormously enjoyable ", "smart comedy ", "that its story just is n't worth telling ", "'s pure entertainment ", "thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be ", ", you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . ", "worked so much better dealing in only one reality ", "contrived ", "is n't just offensive ", "what he could make with a decent budget ", "if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd ", "timid ", "is fantastic ", "have a good time ", "devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . ", "insane comic undertaking ", "proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool ", "toilet humor , ethnic slurs ", "completely predictable ", "30 seconds of plot ", "run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through ", "victimized ", "an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness ", "is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . ", "sexist ", "expressive ", "and whirling fight sequences ", "of quiet power ", ", we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . ", "overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . ", "cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . ", ", it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . ", "is a really special walk in the woods . ", "feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "becomes unwatchable ", "returns to his son 's home ", "the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or ", ", the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . ", "shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , ", "resourceful amnesiac ", "fascinating film ", "is the stuff that disney movies are made of . ", ", despite many talky , slow scenes ", "in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "is nothing to sneeze at these days ", "sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . ", "its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and ", "franchise possibilities ", "biased ", "a pleasant enough dish ", "it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas ", "of sharp writing ", "finest kind ", "will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . ", "precious than perspicacious ", "will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . ", "the film is a fierce dance of destruction . ", "glamorous ", "irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . ", "get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen ", "in the film that surprises or delights ", "even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . ", "frustration from those ", "enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch ", "while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected ", "laid-back ", "for originality of plot ", "a chance to see three splendid actors ", "by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . ", "a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount ", "but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . ", "great films ", "looks neat ", "a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias ", "has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes ", "this elegant entertainment ", "is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start ", "left with a sour taste in your mouth ", "cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. ", "had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ", "the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ", "smack of a film school undergrad ", "does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- ", "the only thing i laughed at ", "enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work ", ", the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ", "got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "involving in its bold presentation ", "nothing interesting in unfaithful ", "the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . ", "is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . ", "by an esteemed writer-actor ", "goes downhill ", "the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . ", "a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . ", "you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs ", "quiet family drama ", "no unifying rhythm ", "a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome ", "does his sly , intricate magic ", "oscar-winning ", "dumb down ", "mediocre movies ", "lives count ", "the movie 's messages are quite admirable ", "is more of an ordeal than an amusement ", "some laughs and a smile ", "one of the best rock documentaries ever . ", "benefits from serendipity but ", "more revealing , more emotional and ", "whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . ", "show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck ", "the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . ", "to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing ", "pretty ", "realistically ", "like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series ", "'s pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . ", "for that sense of openness , the little surprises ", "the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . ", "top-billed star bruce willis ", "while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying ", "best case ", "there is no sense ", "will surely be profane , politically ", "in 1958 brooklyn ", "charming , quirky , original ", "clever ideas ", "tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise ", "'s never dull ", "satisfyingly odd and intriguing ", "awful snooze . ", "weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens ", "the four feathers is definitely horse feathers ", "the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . ", "all of this , and more ", "and -- sadly -- dull ", "the young actors , not very experienced ", "worn-out ", "form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . ", "quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to . ", "the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and ", "takes a slightly dark look at relationships , ", "does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ", "life-affirming message ", "( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and ", "the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half ", "well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ", "still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . ", "if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational ", "an ` action film ' mired in stasis ", "the comic effects ", "a silly comedy ", "does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it ", "becomes predictably conventional . ", "is simply not enough of interest onscreen ", "in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life ", "mixes in as much humor as pathos ", "none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny . ", "worth seeing ", "never worry about anyone being bored ", "low-brow humor ", "as sappy as big daddy ", "love affair ", "is to substitute plot for personality . ", "so unabashedly hopeful ", "a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution ", "stylish psychological thriller ", "seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . ", "not a trace of humanity or empathy ", "so insanely stupid , so awful ", "is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis bu\u00f1uel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . ", "it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and ", "is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . ", "lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie ", "to transcend its clever concept ", "that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about ", "a trove of delights ", "does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . ", "strong cast and surehanded direction ", "a very distinctive sensibility , ", "is so engagingly ", "languishing on a shelf somewhere ", "a weird and wonderful comedy . ", "the best looking and stylish ", "this movie loves women at all ", "blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances ", "smarter than its commercials make it seem . ", "they are having so much fun "], "label": [1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1]}
{"sentence": ["wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie ", "of the lightweight female empowerment ", "run-of-the-mill ", "a remarkable amount ", "may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film ", "deaths ", "enjoys the friday series ", "it 's the butt of its own joke ", "is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . ", "i 'll go out on a limb . ", "to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ", "integrating the characters ", "ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies ", ", ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it ", "loved ", "is so often less ", "jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . ", "one hollywood cliche ", "despite the surface attractions ", "it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why ", "in the form of dazzling pop entertainment ", "like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . ", "does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . ", "from burkina faso ", "be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) ", "just so the documentary will be over ", "that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch ", "is a horrible movie -- ", "it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . ", "keep people going in this crazy life ", "mid-to-low budget ", "the effort is sincere and the results are honest ", "the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up ", "stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish ", "to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with ", "a monster ", "be impressed by this tired retread ", "gentle , endearing ", "meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot ", "pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead ", "so short ", "return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . ", "the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story ", "serves as a rather thin moral ", "the only one laughing at his own joke ", "to some truly excellent sequences ", "too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . ", "her small , intelligent eyes ", "with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack ", "this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "a deep vein of sadness ", "the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . ", "film a must for everyone ", "on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged ", "the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . ", "like a prison stretch ", "it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect ", "superficially written ", "attractive men ", "means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . ", "appealing leads ", "easily dismissive ", "of the biggest disappointments of the year ", "originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . ", "the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view . ", "sylvie testud is icily brilliant . ", "first real masterpiece ", "one terrific score and ", "queasy ", "piercingly affecting ", "nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own ", "a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 ", ", apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . ", "stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter ", "worst cinematic tragedies ", "on an inferior level ", "deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film . ", "talk about for hours ", "highlander ", "a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- ", "fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . ", "real poignancy ", "make the stones weep -- ", "take this film at face value ", "bolster director and co-writer ", "does n't really add up to much . ", "blockbuster ", "his lack ", "love and culture ", "hack ", "about memory and regret ", "is more fun than conan the barbarian ", "falling in love ", "it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ", "mind and spirit ", "without cheesy fun factor ", "this marvelous film ", "all three women deliver remarkable performances . ", "snide and prejudice ", "every cheesy scene ", "the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . ", "a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . ", "by its awkward structure and a final veering ", "it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans ", "with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender ", "care less ", "to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . ", "comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow ", "atypically hypnotic approach ", "the obnoxious special effects , ", "superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot . ", "the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . ", "damned compelling ", "ultimately undo him ", "as literary desecrations go ", "i ca n't recommend it . ", "it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it ", "'s funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . ", "feces ", "goofball action comedy ", "intolerable ", ", albeit half-baked , ", ", he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . ", "ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand ", "snl '' has-been ", "so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . ", "crude film ", "solid action pic ", "bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . ", "you to give it a millisecond of thought ", "spirited ", "old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment ", "might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . ", "film that will enthrall the whole family ", "the touch ", "wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . ", "it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . ", "like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on ", "the best film of the year 2002 ", "fights ", "but it does have one saving grace . ", "'s something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life ", "rejection by one 's mother ", "for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . ", "this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it ", "it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . ", "is generous and deep ", "career-defining ", "is better than you might think . ", "more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . ", "b movies ", "gratingly unfunny ", "movie audiences both innocent and jaded ", "warm your heart ", "the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . ", "painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people ", "fine idea ", "to the point of nausea ", "too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations ", "sometimes a chuckle ", "too difficult ", "'s as lumpy as two-day old porridge ", "the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . ", "quickly becomes a tiresome clich\u00e9 ", ", are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . ", "to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and ", "pleasing way ", "neat premise ", "has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "sucked dry the undead action flick formula ", "rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . ", "little action , almost no suspense or believable tension ", "( cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . ", "with every cinematic tool ", ", hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . ", "'s a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . ", "overeager ", "little morality tale ", "strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . ", "more complete than indecent proposal ", "miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . ", "feels cheated ", "you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller ", "lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns ", "documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it ", "elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington ", "is n't as easy to come by as it used to be ", "an exercise in chilling style ", "manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie ", "monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids ", "top-notch british actor ", "embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes ", "reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events ", "plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once ", "left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence ", "beautifully shot ", "the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and ", "'s something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . ", "nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . ", "love and familial ", "uninhibited ", "that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time ", "is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . ", "with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction ", "teen-sleaze ", "here relies less on forced air than on petter n\u00e6ss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . ", "watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement ", "a strong sense of humanism ", "though their story is predictable ", "its charms and ", "blast ", "the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . ", "be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script ", "stately sense ", "ultimately delivers ", "made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters ", "craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . ", "it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ", "never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . ", "two fine , nuanced lead performances ", "kidman has become one of our best actors ", "not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny ", "beautiful ", "on a high note ", "shakes you vigorously for its duration ", "the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . ", "'ll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget ", "of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ", "the nerve-raked acting , ", "( the characters ' ) misery ", "nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences ", "unlike ", "scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot ", "sadly ", "a true talent ", "what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure ", "visually striking ", "by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , ", "laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances ", "twice as bestial but half as funny ", "newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , ", "tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "be pleasant in spite of its predictability ", "the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins ", "a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... ", "dreamy and ", "generating suspense ", "story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material ", "served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it ", "film that loses sight of its own story . ", "the land ", "will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . ", "at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . ", "could hate it for the same reason ", "of intelligent humor ", "it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer . ", "destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ", "very interesting and ", "a tragic dimension and ", "by storm ", "though the film is static ", "some very good comedic songs ", "ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . ", "a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much ", ", compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity ", "'ll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair ", "soulless techno-tripe ", "just right ", "insulting ", "beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing ", "clich\u00e9d and shallow cautionary tale ", "of the gross-out comedy ", "his most sparkling ", "even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting ", "intricate preciseness ", "strong finish ", "does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence ", "imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and ", "it is a failure . ", "so aggressively anti-erotic ", "the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and ", "makes sense , with its unbelievable na\u00efvet\u00e9 and arbitrary flashbacks . ", "the songs translate well to film ", ", emotionally devastating piece ", "genteel and unsurprising the execution ", "a smart , nuanced look at de sade ", "lighthearted comedy ", "donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . ", "is moving ", "the funniest jokes ", "'s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve ", "a pretentious and ", "a legend ", "develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . ", "a slow-moving police-procedural thriller ", ", three-dimensional characters ", "story to show us why it 's compelling ", "its invitingly upbeat overture ", "fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about ", ", relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . ", "absurd plot twists , ", "found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . ", "distracts ", "to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching ", "the unacceptable , the unmentionable ", "wisdom and emotion ", "the film has an infectious enthusiasm ", "the worst films ", "go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies ", "foolish ", "the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true . ", "one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years ", "seems hopelessly juvenile ", "that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects ", "just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination ", "` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . ", "romantic comedy with a fresh point of view ", "among the most pitiful directing ", "the boozy self-indulgence ", "treat . ", "a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie ", "... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . ", "like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening ", "saucy ", "a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . ", "engaging , surprisingly ", "is not even half the interest ", "manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap ", "an uninspired preachy and clich\u00e9d war ", "spicy ", "a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama ", "notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness ", "bloody ", "staggered from the theater ", "for the heart as well as the mind ", "will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture ", "wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time ", "'ll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper ", "a sports extravaganza ", "struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones ", "the success of undercover brother ", "are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "'s informative and breathtakingly spectacular ", "a disturbing disregard ", "score ", "former gong show addict ", "endear itself ", "'ll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie ", "poor hermocrates and leontine ", "actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring ", "rape and ", "old-fashioned adventure ", "poor editing , bad bluescreen ", "best film ", "the touch is generally light enough and ", "it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied ", "stinks from start ", "so second-rate ", "is wondrously creative ", "lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . ", "taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history ", "trashy teen-sleaze equivalent ", "running off ", "absurdities and ", "far more entertaining ", "high-octane jolts ", "glossy rehash ", "time bombs ", "phony relationship ", "life affirming and heartbreaking , ", "'s also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times ", "it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . ", "'s a scorcher ", "raunchy as south park ", "a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . ", "suspenseful enough for older kids but ", "ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza ", "deferred and desire ", "surprising in how much they engage and even touch us ", "while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) ", ", confident ", "held my interest precisely because it did n't try to ", "is funny and looks professional . ", "i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . ", "each other so intensely , but with restraint ", "noticeably less energy and imagination ", "to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ", "is just lazy writing . ", "well made ", "atop wooden dialogue ", "is funny , insightfully human ", "moderately successful ", "serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , ", "inspiring , ironic ", "more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch ", "intelligent and moving ", "is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . ", "a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that ", "has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry ", "other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "sad ending ", "it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular ", "lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho ", "live happily ever ", "rounded and revealing overview ", "dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale ", "of too much kid-vid ", "hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape ", "this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer ", "nelson 's intentions are good ", "the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . ", "the ethos of the chelsea hotel ", "too bland to be interesting ", "desperately wishing you could change tables ", "of masters of both ", "green ruins every single scene he 's in ", "delightful work ", "particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents ", "it points out how inseparable the two are ", "infectiously enthusiastic ", "they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half ", "all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas ", "the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section ", "anything but frustrating , ", "is twice as bestial but half as funny ", "when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . ", "-- not the first , by the way -- ", "dark , funny humor ", "is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . ", "gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill ", "to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue ", "wow fans ", "uncomfortably timely , relevant ", "the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable ", "with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight ", "executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and ", "from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' ", "into by-the-numbers territory ", "grounded in an undeniable social realism ", "is , quite pointedly , ", "pushed to their most virtuous limits ", "cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . ", "cold , gray , antiseptic and ", "in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good ", "listless , witless ", "sick society ", "various victimized audience members ", "this is a must ! ", "newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style ", "imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world ", "how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' ", "rising ", "tedium ", "just utter ` uhhh , ' ", "funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad ", "grief drives her ", "satisfies ", "are both listless ", "own breezy , distracted rhythms ", "going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films ", "will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face ", "first-rate performances ", "something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans ", "although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale . ", "10,000 ", "whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears ", "does not really ", "is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood ", "a sharper , cleaner script ", "has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre ", "which should appeal to women ", "a thing that already knows it 's won ", "that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful ", "busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . ", "'s much to recommend the film ", "to camouflage how bad his movie is ", "want to watch if you only had a week to live ", "is pleasant enough ", "the strange horror of life ", "this little-known story of native americans and ", "into sub-tarantino cuteness ", "the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and ", "to a picture-perfect beach ", "carries us effortlessly ", "even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling ", "hate myself most mornings ", "inviting all the same ", "while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and ", "clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . ", "banality and hypocrisy ", "sweetness ", "to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something ", "less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ", "snared in its own tangled plot ", "one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . ", "of war ", "too stagey , ", "falls back ", "none of this is meaningful or memorable , but ", "managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan ", "celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , ", "that 's good enough . ", "may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours . ", "refreshingly ", "is less successful on other levels ", "are gorgeous and finely detailed ", "brilliant ", "welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor ", "like running out screaming ", "above the level of a telanovela ", "warm , ", "grownups ", "deliver remarkable performances . ", "does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls ", "is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . ", "a lot of warmth ", "nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining ", "which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "splendid ", "boom mikes ", "kills every sense of believability ", "as if it were an obligation ", "no , even that 's too committed . ", "what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be ", "most entertaining ", "very well-written ", "'s so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second ", "'s no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes ", "a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . ", "spellbinding fun and ", "screwed-up characters ", "exploits ( headbanger ) ", "largely unfunny ", "is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ", "attractive ", "an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and ", "a completely honest , open-hearted film ", "in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing ", "the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story ", "director douglas mcgrath ", "'s a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience ", "maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . ", "it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , ", "... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . ", ", his little changes ring hollow ", "half the fun of college football games ", "the tears come during that final , beautiful scene ", "out of reach ", "this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , ", "one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing ", "make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate ", "that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief ", "via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance ", "threatens ", "deflated as he does ", "made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half ", "he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year ", "a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . ", "is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . ", "a pleasure to watch ", "is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ", "absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist ", "saves ", "forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action ", "halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , ", "sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama ", "i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . ", "succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad ", "co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard ", "dog soldiers does n't transcend genre ", "as a historical study and as a tragic love story ", "the right choices ", "seems a bit on the skinny side ", "is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen ", "poverty ", "returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures ", "love that strikes a very resonant chord ", "emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema ", "on a potentially interesting idea ", "his effortless performance ", "electrocute and dismember ", "poetic ", "the rare sequel ", "creatively stillborn ", "to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ", "clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own ", "are often funny fanatics ", "a tired , predictable ", "the chaotic horror ", "what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast ", "much about the film , including some of its casting , ", "drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice ", "that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer ", "zeal ", "tasteless and ", "contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . ", "found the perfect material ", "the perfect star vehicle ", "right to be ", "is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . ", "is a remarkably accessible and haunting film ", "vibrantly ", "its real emotional business ", "normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . ", "muddled ", "'s no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance ", "exceptional honesty ", "the most part a useless movie , even with ", "the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but ", "a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . ", "none of the plot ` surprises ' ", "it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian ", "has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . ", "a finale that is impenetrable and dull ", "intriguing and alluring premise ", "blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering ", "it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . ", "into an inhalant blackout ", "really wrong with this ricture ", "the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock ", "counter the crudity ", "one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them ", ", the drama feels rigged and sluggish . ", "one of them ", "their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , ", "been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn ", "fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ", "there 's plenty to offend everyone ... ", "no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels ", "inconsistent ", "world traveler gave me no reason to care ", "shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . ", "bombshell documentary ", "it 's plotless , shapeless -- ", "build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . ", "it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity ", "standout ", "and communicates something ", "is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . ", "'s definitely an improvement on the first blade , ", "entertainingly ", "his films so memorable ", "allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range ", "directorial tour de force ", "look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard ", "a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . ", "a cheat in the end ", "consistently clever and suspenseful ", "entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's ", "feels like a cold old man going through the motions . ", "the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . ", "that the film is never dull ", "sorry use of aaliyah in her one ", "alienated ", "very funny , heartwarming film ", "that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' ", "found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . ", "that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing ", "the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics ", "strangely ", "has done the nearly impossible ", "a comedic moment in this romantic comedy ", "too ludicrous ", "signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . ", "manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . ", "very insecure ", "feels like a glossy rehash ", "what 's missing ", "a passion for the material ", "does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . ", "graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . ", "weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . ", "than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", ", k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . ", "of being boring ", "a nice change ", "an inexplicable nightmare ", "to bother pleasuring its audience ", "behind cutesy film references ", "under his control ", "mostly believable , refreshingly low-key ", "the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic ", "an addictive guilty pleasure ", "funniest and most likeable movie ", "laughing ", "reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but ", "like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor ", "rather less than the sum of its underventilated p\u00e8re-fils confrontations ", "like brosnan 's performance ", "too amateurish and awkward ", "personable , amusing ", "unexpectedly moving ", "the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance ", "the film shatters you in waves . ", "anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . ", "is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . ", "about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ", "it aims so low ", "more accurately , it 's moving ", "it is very difficult to care about the character ", "drumline is its energy ", "falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting ", "'s always disappointing ", "slow scenes ", "... stylistically , the movie is a disaster . ", "a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee ", "by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances ", "know as an evil , monstrous lunatic ", "a hallmark hall of fame ", "is worse ", "a really solid woody allen film ", "a great cast and ", "it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year ", "knows how to tell us about people . ", "oftentimes funny ", "sublime music ", "as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ", "nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . ", "allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . ", "you 'll like promises . ", "to keep it interested ", "an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion ", "should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans ", "one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . ", "is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ", "are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . ", "( ferrera ) ", "surprisingly charming and ", "can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history ", "touching movie ", "turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny ", "covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . ", "its own ludicrous terms ", "the atmosphere of the crime expertly ", "delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion ", "except : film overboard ", "fairly uneventful and ", "the e-graveyard ", ", red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . ", "falls far short of poetry ", "what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? ", "how ", "'s just as wonderful on the big screen . ", "the best of both worlds ", "a lot of flavor and spice ", "where its recent predecessor miserably ", "purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it ", "this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert ", "that he will once again be an honest and loving one ", "take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going ", "french malapropisms ", ", and totally disorientated ", "that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again ", "that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool ", "contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions ", "there are some fairly unsettling scenes , ", "revisionist fancy ", "acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending ", "a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . ", "can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ", "exceedingly rare films ", "is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... ", "the pianist is polanski 's best film . ", "that movie was pretty bad ", "you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . ", "old garbage ", "means to face your fears ", "as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable . ", "a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten ", "disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . ", "and people make fun of me for liking showgirls . ", "a visual delight and ", "a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . ", "strangely liberating ", "a phlegmatic bore , ", "... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time ", "piercing and feisty ", "one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off ", "energetic and smart ", "believe that something so short could be so flabby ", "intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "one funny popcorn ", "the story is lacking any real emotional impact , ", "contemplative , and ", "redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs ", "endearing about it ", "that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british ", "especially well-executed ", "are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise ", "guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest . ", "ethnic cleansing ", "with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count ", "that memorable , ", "visually striking and slickly staged ", "much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . ", "brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . ", "acidic all-male ", "is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . ", "not a good movie ", "quickly forgettable ", "though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... ", "struggling to create ", "adds a much needed moral weight ", "enticing prospect ", "an uplifting ", "will probably ", "goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering ", "visceral excitement ", "as it is instructive ", "the rare common-man artist ", "its standard formula ", "any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . ", "with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie ", "presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves ", "too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . ", "freely ", "until things fall apart ", "of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life ", "as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale ", "singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . ", "zings along with vibrance and warmth ", "of the man ", "like the original ", "an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . ", "divine ", "idol ", "that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand ", "lazier ", "what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . ", "calm , self-assured portrait ", "hollow , self-indulgent , and ", "to the power of women to heal ", "let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ? ", "like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art ", "is pretty weary ", "sorvino is delightful in the central role . ", "it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and ", "i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid ", "unpredictable , hilarious ", "acted , quietly affecting cop drama . ", "crappy ", "have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations ", "uneventful ", "top-heavy ", "she 's not funny ", "amusing juxtapositions ", "the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . ", "a generational signpost ", "is a visual treat ", "one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . ", "sucks you in and ", "a dull , dumb and derivative horror film ", "capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . ", "every visual joke is milked ", "the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and ", "the canadian 's inane ramblings ", "bigger , fatter heart ", "frighteningly fascinating contradiction ", "the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work ", "to be had from films crammed with movie references ", "tootsie ", "every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ", "an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ", "his rental car ", "lazy ", "why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is ", "far-flung , illogical , ", "overly long ", "a respectable new one ", "lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . ", "the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ", "every indulgent , indie trick ", "is one of the year 's best films ", "the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . ", "comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . ", "one-sidedness ", "probably the best case for christianity ", "of happy ", "a masterpiece -- and ", "if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . ", "less charitable ", "uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . ", "is n't one true ` chan moment ' . ", "grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine . ", "been preferable ", "forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . ", "whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth ", "are credited with the clich\u00e9-laden screenplay ", "an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war ", "really unclear ", "it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ", "at this beautifully drawn movie ", "is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . ", "so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' ", "whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage ", "it 's not too much of anything . ", "succumbs to sensationalism ", "lot to be desired ", "zany mix ", "zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ", "emerges a radiant character portrait ", "'s the prince of egypt from 1998 . ", "gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . ", "the last kiss ", "enlightened ", "-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . ", "of genuine excitement ", "all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . ", "sterling ensemble cast ", "the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "to intolerable levels ", "is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . ", "none of the charm and little ", "most daring , and complicated , performances ", "to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ", "probably one of the best since the last waltz ", "the action is stilted and ", "turntablism ", "is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . ", "devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . ", "looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . ", "with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . ", "achingly unfunny phonce ", "is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . ", "the euphoria ", "steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . ", "folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either ", "hackneyed ", "whether or not ", "while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter ", "care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "delightfully compatible ", "find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted ", "you have an interest in the characters you see ", "has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , ", "you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . ", "where nothing really happens . ", "mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . ", "paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , ", "it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ", "muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious ", "humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation ", "'s because relatively nothing happens . ", "cohesive ", "that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in ", "no rooting interest ", "a fluid , no-nonsense authority ", "the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . ", "'d have a hard time believing it was just coincidence ", "lack depth or complexity ", "and witty feature ", "bone-chilling ", "mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema ", ", it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . ", "will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . ", "already mentioned ", "nonsensical ", "better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . ", "will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice ", "is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . ", "a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke ", "carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . ", "in the same old story ", "is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . ", "also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . ", "idol 's ", "very real ", "the national lampoon film franchise ", "a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem ", "a compelling story ", "the hallmarks ", "this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . ", ", instantly disposable ", "staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . ", "most audacious , ", "develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times ", "the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , ", "that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor ", "drags the film down ", "what 's invigorating about ", "it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . ", "all-over-the-map ", "boring ", "at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . ", "one-of-a-kind tour de force ", "is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . ", "lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . ", "is merely a charmless witch . ", "crisp clarity ", "found it slow , predictable and not very amusing ", "funny yet dark ", "constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "hollywood-predictable ", "whole family ", "the delicate forcefulness ", "shaking your head ", "the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . ", "only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny ", "cold light ", "it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . ", "caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . ", "twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . ", "it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but ", "a quiet , disquieting triumph ", "soars every bit as high ", "a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart ", "it also will win you over , in a big way ", "the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . ", "be building suspense ", "to really care ", "feels contrived , ", "it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . ", "irresistibly than in ` baran ", "lust ", "inept direction , ", "takes you by the face , ", "surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia ", "it 's icky . ", "by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life ", "credulous , unassuming , subordinate ", "the satire is weak . ", "is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ", "because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults ", "of character-driven storytelling ", "loud , ugly , irritating movie ", "real ", "irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters ", "can you take before indigestion sets in ", "does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay ", "suffers from all the excesses of the genre ", "weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . ", "film that suffers because of its many excesses . ", "i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care ", "viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . ", "seldom hammy , ", "a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion ", ", parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' ", "in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . ' ", "if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; ", "gory mayhem '' ", "a visually compelling one ", "is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . ", "we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . ", "sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama ", "become strangely impersonal and abstract ", "deeply unpleasant experience ", "its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . ", "universal appeal ", "dark , gritty , sometimes funny ", "de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . ", "when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "one of those all-star reunions ", "comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance ", "is disappointing ", "'s as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . ", "gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . ", "started with a great premise ", "is extraordinary . ", "more annoying ", "sheridan had a wonderful account to work from ", "the more overtly silly dialogue ", "violent ", "a mall movie designed to kill time ", "a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . ", "lumps of coal ", "deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure ", "'s surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction ", "washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . ", "incapable of controlling his crew ", "this crude ", "very satisfying ", "it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree ", "are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations ", "no level whatsoever ", "the only pain ", "with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . ", "of above the rest ", "terrorist ", "irreconcilable ", "imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma ", "is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place ", "make for a winning , heartwarming yarn ", "disservice ", "critical and commercial disaster ", "has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and ", "... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . ", "gives gifts to grownups ", "holland lets things peter out midway , but ", "seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . ", ", it still works . ", "raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . ", "thrillers actually thrilled ", "a juicy writer ", "'s plenty to offend everyone ", "that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice ", "dickens ' words ", "been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ", "weighs down ", "bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . ", "believe it or ", "ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and ", "'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . ", "'s funniest and most likeable movie in years . ", "may not ", "all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore ", "'s not a bad premise , just a bad movie ", "even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be ", "is throwing up his hands in surrender , ", "this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . ", "although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . ", "a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . ", "his kids to watch too many barney videos ", "idiosyncratic humor ", "has-been ", "adroit but finally ", "is fascinating ... ", "it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . ", "heart attack ", "to blow it ", "relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . ", "relatively flavorless ", "talented enough and ", "its director could ever have dreamed ", "confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . ", "joy and energy ", "the pristine camerawork ", "this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . ", "the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding ", "suffocating ", "rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ", "a copy of a copy ", "-- you 'll love this movie . ", "a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed ", "pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , ", "fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer ", "put on an intoxicating show ", "the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year ", "smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise ", "unbearable ", "any summer blockbuster ", "can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . ", "is its essential problem ", "as delightful ", "seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing . ", "the most moronic screenplays ", "'s the russian word for wow !? ' ", "the natural affability that has made tucker a star ", "completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art ", "milquetoast ", "through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ", "out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clich\u00e9s . ", "a certain robustness ", "a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness ", "its moviegoing pleasures ", "the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project ", "the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action ", "a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss ", ", eloquence , spiritual challenge ", "as simultaneously funny , ", "is almost certainly ", "an extreme action-packed film ", ", at times sublime , ", "it 's not really funny ", "whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three ", "is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "deeply humanizing ", "valentine ", "the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer ", "visual hideousness ", "the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ", "by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap ", "is difficult to connect with on any deeper level ", "somewhat less ", "highly polished ", "naivet\u00e9 and ", "love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it . ", "for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but ", "a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences ", "none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , ", "part biography , part entertainment ", "document both sides of this emotional car-wreck ", "that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing ", "tiresome nature ", "a movie with depth ", "goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . ", "hugely overwritten ", "profound ", "should be interesting ", "this smart ", "apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . ", "partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . ", "'s slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue ", "'s not very interesting . ", "playful paranoia ", ", shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . ", "a great writer and ", "such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . ", "bad film ", "the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . ", "makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , ", "muddled and ", "provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . ", "texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare ", "you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . ", "stale copy ", "veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic ", "leave you wanting more ", "like being trapped at a bad rock concert ", "one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . ", "as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day ", "be genuinely satisfying ", "often funny ", "has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . ", "career - kids = misery ) ", "sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "the plot makes no sense ", "the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ", "killing time ", "sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices ", "is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . ", "a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded ", "do n't see the point ", "it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us ", ", the movie is a disaster . ", "feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . ", "avarice and damaged dreams ", "labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ", "the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing ", "it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry ", "much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . ", "crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . ", "has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . ", "it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . ", "touching film ", "stupid and pointless ", "of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick ", "director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , ", "a predictable connect-the-dots course ", ", i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . ", "the dark places of our national psyche ", "uneven performances ", "a great ", "of its sweeping battle scenes ", "the hell ", "a not-so-divine secrets ", "a lot more bluster than bite ", "the wild thornberrys movie ", "sufficient ", "itself is small and shriveled ", "the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more ", "money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "unsuccessful attempt ", "be a different kind of film ", ", even-flowing tone ", "there are entertaining and audacious moments ", "is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . ", "absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , ", "... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... ", "a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions ", "macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . ", "just does n't cut it ", "produce another smash ", "it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary ", "of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ", "but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective ", "gratuitous cinematic distractions ", "the performances of the children , untrained in acting ", "slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty ", "by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in ", "special walk ", "this toothless dog , already on cable , ", "the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds ", "feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark ", "no sense of pride or shame ", "beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and ", "unfortunately ", "`` ambitious failure ", "feels like a copout ", "inexcusable dumb ", "sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... ", "overlong infomercial ", "a clich\u00e9 ", "while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . ", "long-lived friendships ", "sing beautifully and act adequately . ", "as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking ", "empty exercise ", "of high romance , brought off with considerable wit ", "i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ", "thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies ", "that should be punishable by chainsaw ", "this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . ", "from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness ", "but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . ", "its gender politics , genre thrills ", "a delightfully dour , ", "sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices ", ", the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . ", "suitable summer entertainment ", "an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? ", "'s still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days ", "a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy ", "gloriously unsubtle ", "far short ", "children 's entertainment , superhero comics ", "with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ", "tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony ", ", but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible ", "adams just copies from various sources ", "makes it seem fresh again . ", "have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "inimitable ", "does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen ", "quite worth ", "a thoughtful , reverent portrait ", "the butt ", "through ill-conceived action pieces ", "as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter ", "spaces ", "not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream ", "throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "been replaced by the bottom of the barrel ", "is fully formed and remarkably assured ", "you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich\u00e9 has been unturned . ", "this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller ", "freshness and spirit ", "chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . ", "really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . ", "stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . ", "'s no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . ", "the greatest natural sportsmen ", "is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . ", "itself are little more than routine . ", "feel like a 10-course banquet . ", "carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' ", "is funny and pithy ", "the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence ", "screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum ", "most impressive player ", "wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some ", "surprisingly flat ", "on a 10-year delay ", "baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . ", "alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . ", "immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful ", "efficient , ", "your indifference ", "bubbly ", "faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , ", "traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations ", "this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . ", "the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . ", "choppy and sloppy affair ", "does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb ", "those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ", "a nagging sense ", "struggle ", "done , so primitive in technique ", "blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . ", "the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . ", ", a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . ", "is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise ", "it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . ", ", it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . ", "the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . ", "of the same old garbage ", "it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients ", "because your nerves just ca n't take it any more ", "when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve ", "easily and , in the end , not well enough ", "'s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ", "the best sex comedy ", "there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ", "that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film ", ", often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "embedded in the sexy demise of james dean ", "grating ", "an achingly enthralling premise ", "does n't have a passion for the material ", "too simple and ", "'s no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year ", "has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and ", "as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro ", "the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . ", "like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but ", "provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- ", "love interest ", "bouncy ", "humor , warmth , and ", "argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect ", "about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor ", "you 'll like it . ", "this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ", "a comedic moment ", "just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . ", "who is chasing who or ", "a great performance ", "the community ", "barely shocking , ", "i admire ", "his sentimental journey ", "a compelling allegory ", "work as shallow entertainment , ", "the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive ", "reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating ", "entirely irresistible ", "a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither ", "that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man ", "right choices ", ", touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot ", "well-intentioned effort ", "the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . ", "an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . ", "of stupefying absurdity ", "cutes ", "may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made ", "the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . ", "an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . ", "a horrible movie ", "you have to check your brain at the door ", "the film never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability ", "juxtapositions ", "have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . ", "he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , ", "offend everyone ", "if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... ", "mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting ", "a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ", "inspiration ", "america 's thirst for violence ", "dead-end distaste ", "the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts ", "smug ", "he needs to pull his head out of his butt ", ", you 'll like promises . ", "there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . ", "what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . ", "tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "awakens ", "the most accomplished work ", "sentimental journey ", "some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ", "anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "a necessary and timely one ", "a hint ", "more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . ", "reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap ", "brutal and ", "a handful of smart jokes ", "does n't give you enough to feel good about . ", "really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes ", "an undeniable energy ", "it collapses like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 . ", "keep it from being a total rehash ", "hard-to-predict and absolutely essential ", "infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own ", "struggles of the working class to life ", "to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' ", "fascinating glimpse ", "establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids ", "suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . ", "talky , artificial and opaque ", "stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner ", "that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge ", "ultimate movie experience ", "ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented ", "bad blend ", "the worst ", "the town has kind of an authentic feel , ", "does n't really know or care about the characters , and ", "strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 ", "readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "warmed-over cold war paranoia ", "lack depth or complexity , ", "shorter than britney 's cutoffs ", "'s just tediously bad , ", "'s something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . ", "a riveting story well told . ", "saccharine as ", ", we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . ", "laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment ", ", plodding picture ", "scattered ", "rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . ", "for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! ", "choppy recycling ", "who is not only a pianist , but a good human being ", "trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain ", "to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness ", "love a joy ", "rooting for the film ", "a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie ", "for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . ", "is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man ", "in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you ", "from being a complete waste of time ", ", maudlin and cliche-ridden ", "ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . ", "eerily accurate depiction of depression . ", "one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory ", "no psychology here , ", "exceeding expectations ", "is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure ", "may lack the pungent bite of its title ", "in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . ", "the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities ", "it is formula filmmaking ", "had more to do with imagination than market research ", "unsurprisingly ", "druggy ", "does n't make any sense ", "a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair ", "sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance ", "a film with a great premise but only a great premise ", "of crap ", "is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs ", "in trouble every day ", "hackneyed and meanspirited storyline ", "resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . ", "hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ", "deep bow ", "every scrap is of the darkest variety ", "can tolerate leon barlow ", "is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films ", "every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . ", "why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care . ", ", harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . ", "is a slight and uninventive movie ", "a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her . ", "for technical flaws to get in the way ", "need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ", "a good noir ", "stress ` dumb . ", "the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' ", "it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "to have bitterly forsaken ", "has n't much more to serve than silly fluff ", "plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults ", "... it 's robert duvall ! ", "landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs ", "in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way ", "worth seeing at least once ", "the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ", "is lightweight filmmaking , ", "capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries ", "the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics ", "is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . ", "... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . ", "of delightful hand shadows ", "villain ", "this beautifully drawn movie ", "a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way ", "wind ", "keep this fresh ", "a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . ", "elegant entertainment ", "tells a fascinating , compelling story ", "an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality ", "whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . ", "jay russell ", "often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ", "on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time ", "triumph over a scrooge or two ", "dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and ", "rapturous ", "influential ", ", and better ", "the threat implied in the title pok\u00e9mon 4ever is terrifying ", "upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product ", "( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative ", "emotional buttons ", "slyly exquisite ", "egocentricities ", "this somewhat tired premise ", "paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . ", "was n't one of the film 's virtues . ", "have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it ", "without neglecting character development for even one minute ", "cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . ", "at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . ", ", it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . ", "often imaginative ", "undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality ", "of heart or conservative of spirit ", "under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . ", "in a sea of visual and verbal clich\u00e9s ", "bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , ", "a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe ", "the master of innuendo ", "stands for milder is n't better . ", "alluring ", "is also beautifully acted ", "who is chasing who ", "a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- ", "production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book ", "unimpressively fussy ", "too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize ", "yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . ", "zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction ", "hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device ", "infuses it ", "the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie ", "successfully ", "was as graceful ", "on all levels ", "ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters ", "it look as though they are having so much fun ", "of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness ", "how low brow ", "at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ", "disposible ", "bluer than the atlantic ", "that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s ", "entirely suspenseful , ", "provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood ", "it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . ", "recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it ", "energy and imagination ", "is always watchable . ", "love and bloodletting ", "is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . ", "a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices ", "confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation ", "this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . ", "an intriguing story of maternal instincts and ", "that `` gangs '' is never lethargic ", "is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . ", "no organic intrigue ", "godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . ", "expos\u00e9 , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . ", "unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror ", "everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . ", "since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer ", "that is , more often then not , difficult and sad ", "seagal ", "sluggish ", "will be following after it ", "captured the chaos of an urban conflagration ", "colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . ", "by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion ", "the material seem genuine rather than pandering ", "is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue ", "state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . ", "a rather bland affair . ", "interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot ", "is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes ", "staged violence overshadows everything , ", "as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . ", "is dudsville ", "book report ", "made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention ", "a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . ", "at least one damn fine ", "soulless . ", "logical , unforced continuation ", "most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy ", "more confused , less interesting and more sloppily ", "purely enjoyable ", "a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker ", "a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half ", "approach to the workplace romantic comedy . ", "of the tortured and self-conscious material ", "ailments ", "creepy-scary ", "lethally dull ", "together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love ", "transcendent performance ", "cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash ", "turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions ", "spectator ", "nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . ", "like many of his works ", "i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy ", "the funniest motion ", "surprisingly ` solid ' ", "the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . ", "schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and ", "a few good ideas ", "like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! ", "a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , ", "a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... ", "so many red herrings , so many false scares ", "sophisticated and unsentimental treatment ", "that sense of openness , the little surprises ", "got something ", "during that final , beautiful scene ", "is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . ", "'re over 25 , have an iq over 90 , ", "between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . ", "too simplistic to maintain interest ", "compelling yarn ", "far superior film ", "does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather ", "a mess as this one ", "barlow ", "highlighted ", "of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "movie nothing ", "disdain ", "as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia ", "totally past his prime ", "launch ", "denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film ", "smarter and more unnerving than the sequels ", "freeman ca n't save it ", "viewed and treasured ", "more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . ", "works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ", "halfwit plot ", "guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this ", "much credit ", "'s just too dry and too placid ", "that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly ", "wonderful , imaginative ", "drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . ", "apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . ", "undeniably exceedingly clever ", "is cinema ", "to be embraced ", "an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience ", "as bad a film ", "you liked the previous movies in the series ", "filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . ", "'s as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . ", "real pleasure in its laid-back way ", "nearly epic ", "the rueful , wry humor ", "agreed ", "is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth ", "strolls through this mess with a smug grin , ", "capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark ", "dare i say , entertaining ! ", "this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy ", "because he gives the story some soul ", ", an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' ", "4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . ", "invites unflattering comparisons ", ", avarice and damaged dreams ", "'s ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest ", "this orange has some juice , ", "surprisingly sensitive ", "a struggling nobody ", "dense , exhilarating documentary . ", "of ` eh ", "blab ", "be a huge cut of above the rest ", "splendid-looking ", "you love the music , ", "do n't even bother to rent this on video . ", "an enjoyable choice ", "mediocre special effects ", "child acting ", "for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love ", "it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , ", "it deserves to be seen everywhere . ", "assert ", ", american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . ", "bug-eyed mugging ", "but unmemorable ", "enough to sustain laughs ", "strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . ", "cherish ' ", "through with originality , humor and pathos ", "( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction ", "brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and ", "paper-thin supporting characters ", "my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . ", "adorably ditsy but heartfelt ", "the negative and the script ", "'s surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . ", "the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but ", "coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . ", "shamelessly money-grubbing ", "a sappy , preachy one ", "resentment ", "make a classic theater piece ", "rotten in the state of california ", "go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset ", "just about the best straight-up , ", "when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given ", "even lazier ", "of a frustrating misfire ", "suited for the history or biography channel ", "a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . ", "some bad singer-turned actors ", "saves this deeply affecting film ", "only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ", "an empty exercise ", "if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours ", "severe flaws ", "a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome ", "ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . ", "tries and tries hard ", "sickeningly real ", "`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , ", ", getting there is not even half the interest . ", "give full performances ", "even lazier and ", "the beat he hears in his soul ", "i loved on first sight and , even more important , ", "hit ", "chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . ", "much more ordinary ", "nolan 's penetrating undercurrent ", "most romantic ", "enough quirky and satirical touches ", "a great director at the helm ", "'s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's ", "daft by half ... but supremely good natured ", "now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . ", "cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . ", "of the guru who helped ", "the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes ", "the film 's plot may be shallow ", "an interesting movie ", "unfolds as one ", "a gorgeously strange movie ", "form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare ", "will find little new here ", "gangster ", "is full of charm . ", "drag along ", "been , pardon the pun , sucked out ", "it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . ", "need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 ", "scarily funny ", "stellar performance ", "catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them ", "moving story ", "intoxicating atmosphere and ", "are certainly welcome ", "that it looks neat ", "that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . ", "hate it because it 's lousy ", "with table manners ", "gore ", "miss it altogether ", "catapulting ", "marks an encouraging new direction for la salle ", "conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible ", "can handle ", "of fighting hard for something that really matters ", "overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . ", "child abuse ", "zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof ", "with too much exploitation and too little art ", "irritates and ", "the most surprising thing ", "rote work and predictable ", "a definitive account of eisenstein 's life ", "the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel ", "it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . ", "a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place ", "dumb and ", "including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny ", "ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut ", "does n't leave you with much . ", "as sci-fi generic ", "as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . ", "case zero . ", "is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way ", ", it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . ", "leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . ", "an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . ", "there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why ", "the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him ", "duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks ", "with humor and poignancy ", "you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . ", "more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ", "my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . ", "dislocation ", "resist his pleas to spare wildlife and ", "'ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "bias ", "making a vanity project with nothing new ", "a been-there , ", "sad nonsense , this ", "it never lacks in eye-popping visuals ", "usual spielberg flair ", "is basically just a curiosity ", "a powerful , chilling , and affecting study ", "a minor miracle ", "can get on television for free ", "'s a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting ", "sag in certain places ", "it goes further than both ", "sensitive ensemble performances and ", "be a bit repetitive ", "wicked black comedy ", "an adoring , wide-smiling reception ", "the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be ", "is repellantly out of control ", "'s hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ", "a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free ", "everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . ", "impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' ", "'s , it 's simply unbearable ", "this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny ", "the hours represents two of those well spent ", "superficial treatment ", "is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ", "a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s ", "charming , ", "original character , siuation or joke ", "an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . ", "lethargically ", "crash-and-bash ", "aesthetic experience ", "a genuine dramatic impact ", "a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him ", "it 's as good as you remember . ", "because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world ", "beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavor . ", "handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . ", "consistently sensitive and often exciting ", "insightful and ", "the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen ", "where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug ", "supremely ", "so pat it makes your teeth hurt ", "be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as ", "just how much more grueling and time-consuming ", "induce sleep than fright ", "feel absolutely ", "its unsettling prognosis ", "if there 's a heaven for bad movies ", "what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? ", "... a rather bland affair . ", "being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ", "the vagueness ", "sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness ", "rush through ", "'s not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ", "some clever scripting solutions ", "seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it ", "a little weak ", "developed hastily ", "is astonishing . ", "has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . ", ", signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . ", "garc\u00eda bernal and talanc\u00f3n are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out . ", "played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it ", "the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ", "its punchy style promises ", "there is plenty of room for editing , and ", "spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion ", "ugliness ", "that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s ", "it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . ", "races and rackets ", "genuinely bone-chilling ", "as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ", "is why i have given it a one-star rating ", "marks a modest if encouraging return ", "understanding of the expressive power of the camera ", "is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience ", "is dark , brooding and slow ", "congrats disney ", "a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment ", "a lovably old-school hollywood confection ", "cardboard characters and performers ", "pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale ", "collateral damage is trash , ", "contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . ", "engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and ", "torn apart by a legacy of abuse ", "waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway ", "fully developed story ", "while failing to find a spark of its own ", "impenetrable and ", "yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . ", "as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . ", "missed opportunities . ", "the delicious trimmings ... ", "a well-deserved reputation as one ", "of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ", "has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . ", "its unforced comedy-drama ", "a really bad imitation ", "almost never fails him ", "dull with only caine ", "this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . ", "lovely trifle ", "sharp ", "in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ", "story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . ", "a convincing impersonation ", "pity ", "fast-paced ", "pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess ", "doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body ", "no good inside dope ", "a movie is more than a movie . ", "map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own ", "the film buzz and whir ; ", "more confident ", "no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half ", "nicest ", "the power of polanski 's film ", "maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in ", "the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough ", "and game phenomenon ", "a retread story ", "a comedy ", "it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making . ", "faithful to melville 's plotline ", "protect your community ", "depleted ", "adult movies ", "sumptuous work ", "watch the movie ", "witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic ", "drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap ", "is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario ", "in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve ", "lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . ", "makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens ", "its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial ", "is , also , frequently hilarious . ", ", it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . ", "teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing ", "begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . ", "provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . ", ", sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . ", "it 's won ", "of great charm , generosity and diplomacy ", "'s only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies ", "most poorly staged and lit action ", "in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . ", "blood ", "highly watchable ", "a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . ", "are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life ", "bogging down in a barrage of hype ", "'' exceeds expectations . ", "stylistically , the movie is a disaster . ", "encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow ", "this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ", "the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy ", "featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . ", "is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying ", "the artistry of making a film ", "part of the film 's cheeky charm ", "but dull and ankle-deep ` epic ", "'s funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , ", ", point and purpose ", "paid enough to sit through crap like this ", "three hours and with very little story or character ", "potentially incredibly ", "leigh makes these lives count . ", "a downer and ", "threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans ", "sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . ", "hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter ", "offers an interesting bit of speculation ", "to the haunted house ", "is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses ", "you 've figured out late marriage ", "manages to string together enough charming moments to work ", "well-edited ", "make up for a derivative plot ", "turns the marquis de sade into a dullard ", "contrived , awkward and ", "that actually has a brain ", "little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . ", "a triumph ", "degenerates into hogwash . ", "unsettling , memorable cinematic experience ", "... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ", "know what it wants to be when it grows up ", "and funky look ", "a certain sexiness ", "whimsicality ", "an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd ", "the sequel ", "be played out in any working class community in the nation ", "some cute moments , funny scenes , and ", "draws its considerable power from simplicity ", "happens to be good ", "the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats ", "seriously dumb ", "though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle ", "cleaner ", "idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea ", "'ll buy the soundtrack . ", "the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between ", "surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . ", "go down in the annals of cinema ", "damned ", "no good answer ", "the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes ", "the movie dragged on ", "is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . ", "a glorious spectacle ", "writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice ", "greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise ", "( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it ", "4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly ", "the perfect cure ", "can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ", "by the sea would slip under the waves . ", "often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration ", "seen as hip , winking social commentary ", "with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet\u00e9 and sophistication ", "is n't exactly endearing ", ", you 're a jet all the way ", "'s a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film ", "are actually releasing it into theaters ", "but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy ", "run-of-the-mill disney sequel ", "is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer ", "itself is actually quite vapid . ", "spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t ", "that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body ", "designed as a reverie about memory and regret , ", "is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ", "star-studded ", "such a gloriously goofy way ", "there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all ", "largely flat and uncreative moments ", "scenes and vistas and pretty moments ", "( d ) espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... ", "of deep feeling ", "want a real movie ", "... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . ", "occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . ", "passions , obsessions , and ", "has a great cast and a great idea ", "annoying specimen ", "vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ", "the river ", "quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism ", "its storytelling prowess and ", "it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . ", "is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it ", "offers an intriguing what-if premise ", "skims over the realities of gay sex ", "it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' ", "greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . ", "bad sign ", "a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination ", "is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph ", "by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull ", "intricate plot ", "with most intelligent viewers ", "the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion ", "is a bore ", "me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "awe and affection -- ", "stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . ", "the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida ", "some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life ", "this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ", "( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , ", "is his best film yet ... ", "mixed results ", "hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- ", "is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material ", "as lame and sophomoric ", "sluggish , ", "a group of dedicated artists ", "we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . ", "an uninspired preachy and clich\u00e9d war film . ", "unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . ", "b-movie scum ", "into the upper echelons of the directing world ", "aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . ", "williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . ", "the viewer 's patience ", "dreadful romance ", "a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective ", "is anything but languorous ", "as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- ", "directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann ", "depressingly retrograde ", "classic fairy tale ", "this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . ", "sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . ", "idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , ", "superb performers ", "glorious spectacle ", "execrable ", "masterpieces ", "very capable ", "like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . ", "only belly laughs ", "that trademark grin of his ", "direct-to-video/dvd category ", "fairly ludicrous ", "a major waste ... generic . ", "with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach ", "disgusting . ", "irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what ", "... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clich\u00e9s to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . ", "liked it ", "its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures ", "encouraging thought ", "a portrait of alienation so perfect ", "premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and ", "'s a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . ", "bad improvisation exercise ", "we never feel anything for these characters ", "witty ", "the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year ", "for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . ", "like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours ", "so short could be so flabby ", "draw people together ", "to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy ", "stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement ", "stay for the credits ", "it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end ", "reaches ", "spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) ", "the film 's hero is a bore and ", "hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ", "works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . ", "love the robust middle of this picture . ", "precious little of either ", "slow , predictable ", "potential success ", "so tedious ", "stains ", "careless and ", "is a film living far too much in its own head . ", "his life-altering experiences ", "thoroughly involving ", "anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . ", "a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque ", "in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty ", "pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into bu\u00f1uel 's casings ", "will turn bill paxton into an a-list director ", "desire to enjoy good trash every now and then ", "a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding . ", "the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . ", "a powerful sequel and one ", "does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . ", "is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways ", "highlight reel ", "catch this imax offering ", "is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film ", "callow rich boy ", "sweetly ", "a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore ", "is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . ", "... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . ", "for a breath of fresh air now and then ", "exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable ", ", every shot enhances the excellent performances ", "this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight ", "a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... ", "surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . ", "frittered away ", "vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess ", "got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile ", "about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . ", "a hundred of them can be numbing ", "fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ", "not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? ", "wonderfully funny moments ", "a sickening thud ", "it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . ", "a strong-minded viewpoint , ", "not well-acted ", "allow the suit to come to life ", "tells a deeper story ", "'s something vital about the movie ", "is never dull ", "it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . ", "a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie ", "served with a hack script ", "henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay ", "in luck ", "mature and ", "the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . ", "relentlessly folksy ", "although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . ", "kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . ", "sparse instances ", "crisper and ", "for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "carried out ", "is definitely a director to watch . ", "owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? ", "only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick ", "pleasuring its audience ", "is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life ", "are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy ", "entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining ! ", "injects freshness and spirit ", "run for your lives ! ", "-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . ", "euphoria ", "one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . ", "have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", ", joyous celebration ", "that gives hollywood sequels a bad name ", "by acute writing and a host of splendid performances ", "hughes comedy ", "made the original men in black such a pleasure ", "a seven rip-off ", "if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was ", "a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . ", "seems to play on a 10-year delay ", "of its actors ", "offers large rewards ", "a little melodramatic , but with enough ", "souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in ", "throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . ", "gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear ", ", incoherent , instantly disposable ", "the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . ", "overly convenient plot twists ", "... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... ", "sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . ", "even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy ", "a sterling ensemble cast ", "devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable ", "spectacularly outrageous ", "a liability ", "be dismissed as mindless ", "we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher . ", "it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- ", "because it has a bigger-name cast ", "works as well as it does because of the performances ", "female empowerment ", "updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ", "thematic resonance ", "the war movie compendium ", "beautifully crafted and ", "its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music ", "a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness ", "the movie 's seams may show ", "dazzling conceptual feat ", "propaganda film ", "a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "crude storyline ", "the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ", "a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets ", "the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise ", "a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up ", "work because there is no foundation for it ", "to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us ", "a pathetically ", "is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? ", "sucking you in ... and making you sweat ", "are nearly impossible to care about ", "could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . ", "as the direction is intelligently accomplished ", "enriched ", "road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire ", "bound to show up at theaters for it ", "made literature literal without killing its soul ", "movies , television and the theater ", "no fun ", "inept ", "trite and overused ", "turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness ", "seem so impersonal or even shallow ", "quite the genre-busting film ", "handled well ", "of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ", "is one of the year 's best . ", "a simple tale ", "by the time the credits roll across the pat ending ", "yes , it 's as good as you remember . ", "an undeniably moving film to experience , and ", "a moving experience ", "remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern ", "any art-house moviegoer ", "and interesting characters ", "right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ", "yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . ", "gross-out flicks , college flicks , or ", "works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . ", "there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . ", "like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . ", "a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , ", "a very ambitious project ", "in a grisly sort of way ", "better than any summer blockbuster ", "if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad ", "its clumsiness ", "fiendishly ", "the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on b\u00fcttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history ", "competently ", "still-raw emotions ", "is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . ", "` comedy ' scenes ", "stink ", "tediously ", "forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . ", "uncle ralph ", "the filmmakers were worried ", "with enjoyable ease ", "every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . ", "document ", "you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , ", "a provocative piece of work ", "as ` wayne ", "expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . ", "is a total misfire . ", "ace ventura ' rip-off ", "tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel ", "... wise and elegiac ... ", "nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia ", ", i hated myself in the morning . ", "jagged camera moves ", "however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "of purpose ", "scare the pants off you ", "my greatest pictures , ", "seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary ", "winning tone ", "it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . ", "a rather tired ", "this masterful ", "makes it worth a recommendation ", "is n't as funny as it should be ", "to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film ", "immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before ", "'m giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment ", "a routine crime ", "and drab wannabe ", "be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience ", "an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn ", "dehumanizing and ego-destroying process ", "style-free ", "the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john ", "of three ", "fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere ", "big shear ", "clever and unflinching ", "of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds ", "an art film ", "has less spice than a rat burger ", "be a bit disjointed ", "levity ", "predictability is the only winner ", "the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , ", "with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling ", "playful but highly studied ", "why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? ", "fake , dishonest ", "holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers ", "its worthy predecessors ", "'s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory ", "which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films ", "a boring , pretentious waste ", "the story compels ", "'ll be rewarded with some fine acting ", "does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events ", "is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product ", "if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . '' ", "broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . ", "possibilities ", "often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast ", "hooting it 's praises ", "emotional and ", "that did not figure out a coherent game ", "thought-provoking film ", "the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . ", "it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , ", "its economical ", "the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . ", "real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is ", "heavy-handed , manipulative ", "exploitation ", "creativity , and fearlessness ", "its awkward structure and ", "is painfully formulaic and stilted ", "it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! ", "the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . ", "enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , ", "this film that may not always work ", "unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ", "as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby ", "what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent ", "more forced than usual ", "the acting is just fine ", "in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . ", "a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ", "seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its \u00e9lan , humor , bile , and irony . ", ", moving ", "to the nonconformist in us all ", "i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close ", "sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be . ", "as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it ", "as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable ", "confident filmmaking ", ", eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . ", "then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . ", "conceited ", ", a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . ", "unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense ", "amounts to little more than punishment ", "step backward ", "one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations ", "remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be ", "a beautiful canvas ", "hollywood fluff ", "seem sincere , and just ", "hitler ", "so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . ", "are well worth revisiting as many times as possible ", "does n't live up to material ", "only makeup-deep ", "worst film ", "momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable ", "her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ", "you 're not deeply touched by this movie ", ", well-shaped dramas ", "how about surprising us by trying something new ? ", "honesty and respect ", "disappointing in comparison ", "technical skill and rare depth ", "'s boring ", "is truly gorgeous to behold . ", "really vocalized ", "just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract ", "want to see it twice ", "too long to shake ", ", dumb and derivative horror ", "overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . ", "fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . ", "my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . ", "their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle ", "how this gets us in trouble ", "visceral and ", "could relish ", "what we call the ` wow ' factor ", "( grant ) goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . ", "i bought this movie ", "( denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . ", "probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . ", "enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , ", "contentious configurations ", "` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' ", "a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ", "as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound ", "'ve had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . ", "a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point ", "engage and even touch us ", "the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while ", "depressingly ", "unshapely look ", "waste of time , money and celluloid ", "with remarkable serenity and discipline ", "dimwits ", "infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "'s a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . ", "in its chicken heart ", "with bloody beauty as vivid ", "a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant ", "how bad it is ", "does not work ", "hardly seems worth the effort . ", "never once predictable . ", "be funny , uplifting and moving ", "scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' ", "upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "grows monotonous ", "is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . ", "what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . ", "a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins ", "leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered ", "gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here ", "it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , ", "is ) a fascinating character , and ", "aloof ", "ugly , pointless , stupid ", "awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful ", "is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts ", "the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . ", "delightful romantic comedy ", "visually ugly ", "hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . ", "satisfying complete picture ", "of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill ", "delivers ", "be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general ", "passionate and truthful ", "than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach ", "value can not be denied ", "date-night diversion ", "on other levels ", "fun and ", "can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro ", "an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . ", "will once again be an honest and loving one ", "dinner guest ", "give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip ", "a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . ", "gutsy and ", "aims to confuse ", "fills me with revulsion . ", "to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough . ", "the love ", "a tasty performance from vincent gallo ", "succeeds as a well-made evocation ", "forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore . ", "lie ", "it 's a brazenly misguided project ", "left on a remote shelf indefinitely ", "the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but ", "starts out like a typical bible killer story ", "have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material ", "has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . ", "watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . ", "a soulless hunk ", "i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill ", "a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya ", "tackling serious themes ", "sacrificing the integrity of the opera ", "asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well ", "'s a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones ", ", slow scenes ", "'s worth the concentration ", "dim-witted pairing ", "a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . ", "promise ", "everything is off . ", "for beginners ", "the pseudo-educational stuff ", "may really need the company of others ", "inquisitive enough ", "that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ", "a clever adaptation ", "breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes ", "is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , ", "psychological and philosophical ", "a momentum that never lets up ", ", history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence ", "un-bear-able '' project ", "do n't care to understand ", "amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest ", "of denial ", "the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- ", "directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year ", "a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds ", "attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . ", "sade achieves the near-impossible ", "been done before but never so vividly or ", "with a modicum of patience ", "... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . ", "enjoy the new guy . ", "too long and unfocused ", "grows thin soon ", ", evelyn comes from the heart . ", "utterly incompetent ", "is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships ", "contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . ", "a high enough level ", "one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity ", "maddeningly insistent and repetitive ", ", we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . ", "made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar ", "absurd ", "'s betting her third feature will be something to behold ", "unusually surreal ", "one moment ", "in heaven ", "fairly straightforward ", "has ( its ) moments ", "are some movies that hit you from the first scene ", "is the best performance from either in years ", "was kind of terrific ", "with vibrance and warmth ", "it is effective ", "in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary ", "ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans ", "magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty ", "sustains it beautifully ", "delighted ", "the martial arts master to top form ", "strong supporting players ", "overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes ", "is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . ", "its beautiful women ", "you know there 's something there . ", "short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . ", "'s a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . ", "an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans ", "it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression ", "mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . ", "greatest hits ", "just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity ", "one of the finest films of the year ", "is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects ", "to the bitter end ", "are more involving than this mess ", "what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ", "paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here ", "volletta wallace 's maternal fury ", "audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . ", "it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance ", "is astonishing ", "went over my head ", "impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial ", "beacon of hope ", "are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . ", "that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time ", "the triumph ", "compassion , sacrifice , ", "is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt ", "enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest ", "this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , ", "for one of the worst movies of one year ", "than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe ", "... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . ", "refreshingly forthright one ", "own idiosyncratic way ", "documentary to disregard available bias ", "he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me ", "strongest film ", "intrigued ", "years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "its mean-spirited second half ", "glides ", "you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . ", "ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format ", "ambitious ` what if ", "as brave and challenging ", "only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' ", ", partisans and sabotage ", "is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be ", "everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar ", "is such a perfect medium for children ", "as wonderful on the big screen ", "a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . ", "another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - ", "on top ", "who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia ", "mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway ", "employ their quirky and fearless ability ", "big time ", "is a very good viewing alternative for young women . ", "read my lips with such provocative material ", "directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . ", "to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company ", "an inspiring tale ", "befuddling ", "were made for the palm screen ", "really , really stupid ", "of the really bad blair witch project ", "the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness ", "to the dustbin of history ", "sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ", "can not engage . ", "the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , ", "it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened ", "some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics ", "has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end ", "its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale ", "will be well worth your time ", "while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . ", "optimistic ", "'s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own ", "is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . ", "a dependable concept ", "waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense ", "wildly overproduced ", "still shines in her quiet blue eyes ", "bisset is both convincing and radiant ", "is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . ", "has never looked uglier . ", "every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible ", "unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . ", "it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . ", "exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . ", "to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny ", "failed jokes , twitchy acting ", "literary desecrations ", "manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . ", ", almost mystical work ", "if the film has a problem ", "may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all ", "know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ", "it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . ", "soulful , scathing and ", "'s so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead ", "far the worst movie ", "a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged ", "performance - ahem ", "und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily ", ", but also intriguing and honorable , ", "a downward narcotized spiral ", "anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' ", "it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . ", "'s a rock-solid little genre picture ", "not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved ", "some good material ", "like a masterpiece ", "you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson ", "limitations ", "emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . ", "definitely worth 95 minutes of your time ", "just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , ", "the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long ", "any way of gripping what its point is , or ", "one of the rarest kinds of films ", "insightful about kissinger 's background and history ", "waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , ", "the most entertaining bonds in years ", "absurdist wit ", "of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother ", "is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly ", "this film : honest ", "no new insight ", "ca n't possibly be enough ", "a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . ", "great performances , stylish cinematography and ", "to an aimless hodgepodge ", "it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . ", "of candid camera ", "of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ", "in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . ", "the riveting performances ", "excited that it has n't gone straight to video ", "helped change a nation ", ", it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . ", "ultimately losing cause ", "own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute ", "are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be ", "sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . ", "this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e ! ", "leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . ", "most purely enjoyable ", "thought-provoking and ", "new york 's finest ", "every clich\u00e9 ", "only one of the best gay love stories ever made ", "self-promotion ", "a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel ", "spiritual survival ", "considerable ", "the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so ", "mourns ", "charming and funny ", "a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ", "gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre ", "labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . ", "is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another ", "if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . ", "is devoid of wit and humor ", "could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy ", "it lacks the detail of the book ", "of the ugly american ", "expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) ", "some cute moments ", "too bad none of it is funny . ", "'s really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . ", "` fatal script error ", "who embraces a strict moral code ", "benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- ", "none of this sounds promising and ", "a companionable couple ", "despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . ", "visual style ", ", flat dialogue ", ", derrida is all but useless ", "britney spears ' phoniness ", "a distinctly minor effort ", "lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary ", "me no lika da accents so good , ", "replaced by romance-novel platitudes ", "the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling ", "4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but ", "may be convinced that he has something significant to say ", "a masterfully ", "full-length classic ", "seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine ", "its leaden acting , ", "is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . ", "gorgeous to look at but ", "so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . ", "attempts , in vain , ", "sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated ", ", the film certainly does n't disappoint . ", "more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine ", "succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them ", "is too long with too little going on ", "power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror ", "suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman ", "the incredible storyline ", "hoary dialogue , fluxing accents ", "really gives the film its oomph ", "duck the very issues it raises ", "of trashy , kinky fun ", "very dark and very funny ", "hell-jaunt ", "long , ", "spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels ", "for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose ", "will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle ", "because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving ", "to please others ", "should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . ", "'' starts out like a typical bible killer story ", "relevant today ", "artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson ", "this refreshing visit ", "the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand . ", "to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ", "confuses its message ", "strong themes ", "above pat inspirational status ", "chicanery and self-delusion ", "a tired , unnecessary retread ... ", "the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances ", "is amateurish ", "bold ", "an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . ", "give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity ", "of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity ", "terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences ", "try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored ", "some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . ", "should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . ", "the dead ( water ) weight of the other ", "the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless ", "you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz ", "witch project real-time roots ", "in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings ", "is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious ", "more than a little pretentious ", "gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . ", "its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale ", "in an attempt ", "elegant visual sense ", ", the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . ", "has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . ", "a very real and amusing give-and-take ", "a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions ", "rich details ", "thrill you , touch you and ", "any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out ", "is n't very bright ", "the action scenes are poorly delivered ", "manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , ", "the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion ", "that constantly defies expectation ", "'s just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . ", "to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ", "the lazy material and ", "what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay ", "is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes ", "is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... ", "the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . ", "so fascinating ", "dare i say , entertaining ", "pleasure to watch ", ", confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ", "vulgarity ", "is surprisingly refreshing ", "his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ", "to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting ", "teetering on the edge of sanity ", "almost saccharine domestic interludes ", "if you love reading and/or poetry ", "more contemptuous of the single female population ", "astonishingly condescending attitude ", "too campy to work as straight drama and ", "is too blatant ", "the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . ", "hits all the verbal marks it should ", "detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world ", "does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies ", "a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . ", "has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . ", "the result is disappointing ", "what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "best indie of the year , so far . ", "given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform ", "the layers of soap-opera emotion ", "jump-in-your-seat ", "coy but exhilarating ", "some people march to the beat of a different drum ", "enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . ", ", this halloween is a gory slash-fest . ", "'s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . ", "a freedom ", "for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . ", "does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . ", "wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies ", "one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ... ", "as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study ", "used soap ", "without resorting to camp or parody ", "fertile ", "in cynicism every bit ", "does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . ", "for children ", "promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . ", "rooted in a sincere performance ", "'s the perfect star vehicle for grant , ", "the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny ", "mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . ", "a film that plays things so nice ", "ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride ", "generous and deep ", "he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . ", "a pretty decent kid-pleasing ", "'re desperate for the evening to end . ", "colorful ", "guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face ", ", the acting is robotically italicized , ", "a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . ", "explode obnoxiously ", "favor ", "subtle , and resonant ", "according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . ", "is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , ", "annoying score ", "final whistle ", "angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . ", "it might have held my attention , but ", "( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) ", "the immediate aftermath ", "an overstylized , pur\u00e9ed m\u00e9lange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy ", ", credible ", "bad ", "' it also rocks . ", "by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . ", "attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design ", "goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . ", "character-who-shall - remain-nameless ", "is intriguing , provocative stuff ", "us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) ", "undeniable energy ", "beyond-lame satire ", "it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and ", "any scorsese ", "love the robust middle of this picture ", ", the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery ", "juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films ", "directed with verve ", "it will warm your heart ", "cold , pretentious , ", "a classical dramatic animated feature ", "a work of outstanding originality ", "a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . ", "to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored ", "spooky and subtly ", "is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects ", "a potentially incredibly twisting mystery ", "none of which amounts to much of a story ", ", illuminating study ", "undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject ", "an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing ", "and sickening product placement ", "in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested ", "colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . ", "a wonderful subject for the camera ", "sweeping battle scenes ", "above anything sandler ", "the pleasure ", "ken russell would love this . ", "most enjoyable releases ", "` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny ", "it 's great for the kids ", "stuffy ", "jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects ", "goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun ", "uncertain ", "mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ", "was followed by the bad idea ", "for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride ", "with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds ", "enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . ", "the upper echelons ", "a patient viewer ", "it ends up being surprisingly dull ", "a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie ", "to rush to the theater for this one ", "on a wal-mart budget ", "seems embarrassed to be part of ", "fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing ", "of eager fans ", "the capable cast ", "an intelligent weepy ", "the first place ", "a compelling and horrifying story ", "saving ", "that 's neither completely enlightening , nor ", "was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second ", "being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something ", "this pretty watchable ", "takes big bloody chomps ", "energizing ", "subtle and visceral ", "a dream is a wish your heart makes ", "like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight ", "maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature ", "is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . ", "a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting ", "unfolds predictably ", "as clear and reliable an authority on that ", "becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "pathetically ", "a nice little story in the process ", "a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . ", "amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . ", "of that special fishy community ", "a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man ", "is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "'s a scorcher . ", "mention `` solaris '' five years from now and ", "assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . ", "beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork ", "eastwood 's loyal fans ", "of a valentine sealed with a kiss ", "by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen ", "a step in the right direction ", "not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . ", "cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "with a sense of wonder ", "sometimes beautiful adaptation ", "it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , ", "how far herzog has fallen ", "all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon ", "a tour de force of modern cinema . ", "hip , contemporary , in-jokey one ", "a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp ", "just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided ", "seldom hammy ", "a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy ", "tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists ", "at its worst ", "deliver remarkable performances ", "a complete wash ", "is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend ", "well-done film ", "reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . ", "to care about them ", "cool stuff ", "would be terrific to read about ", "succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably ", "it looks good ", "is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter ", "gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . ", "makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde ", "nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully ", "before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm ", "the credits roll across the pat ending ", "films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . ", ", but i suspect it might deliver again and again ", "bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . ", "true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ", "the hours , a delicately crafted film , ", "watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost ", "winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity ", "its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner ", "given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties ", "; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' ", "an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera ", "sex ", "last walked out on a movie ", "a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise ", "'s a very valuable film ", "even the hastily and amateurishly ", "the biggest names in japanese anime ", "unmemorable filler . ", "i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and ", "plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . ", "senseless ", "filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability ", "slow and dreary ", "a degree of affection rather than revulsion ", "provides am\u00e9lie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest ", "another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . ", "a minor treat ", "here are unintentional . ", "is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . ", "incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap ", "look too deep into the story ", "characteristically engorged ", "muy loco ", "is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining ", "combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . ", "disappointed ", "the paper-thin characterizations and ", "when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails . ", "a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige ", "for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable ", "robust ", "more than competent ", "for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . ", "the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people ", "forget ", "ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . ", "what saves it ... and makes it ", "undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy ", "watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time ", "a good human being ", "everything meshes in this elegant entertainment ", "in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did ", "nor terribly funny ", "the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , ", ", kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . ", "erotically frank ", "better ", "a plethora of engaging diatribes ", "immersed ", "sweet without the decay factor ", "warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . ", "it 's tough to watch ", "director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . ", "good actors , even kingsley , ", "intensely ", "and utterly pointless ", "loud and thoroughly ", "too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche ", "do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some . ", "the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it ", "is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors ", "enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us ", "wilde 's droll whimsy ", "for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance ", "well-written as sexy beast ", "could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , ", "a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . ", "a droll , ", "you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . ", "oddly colorful ", "has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . ", "moaning about their cruel fate ", "too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing ", "( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . ", "pretty bad ", "interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , ", "world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . ", "humanize ", "clever credits roll ", "should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . ", "nonsensical and laughable plotting ", "hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one ", "comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives ", "the secret 's eventual discovery ", "accomplished and richly resonant work ", "getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing ", "easy sanctimony ", "befuddled in its characterizations ", "spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns ", "cleverly worked out ", "the right choice ", "this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . ", "let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , ", "the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but ", "new ground ", "the lousy john q ", "'s a lousy one at that . ", "ghastly ", "that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery ", "much power ", "seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness ", "i did n't care . ", "what a film can be ", "is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in ", "the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . ", "is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis bu\u00f1uel film ", "uh , shred , ", "jumps around with little logic or continuity , ", "this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . ", "'s a very tasteful rock and roll movie ", "the insipid script ", ", it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . ", "'ve been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement ", "major movie ", "of romantic obsession ", "self-hatred instilled ", ", seamless and sumptuous stream ", "a complete moron ", "must be the end of the world ", "refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . ", "the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . ", "is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves ", "just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . ", "be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser ", "sparking debate and ", "nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) ", "allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself ", "soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . ", "feels like very light errol morris ", "to be dismissed ", "tumbleweeds ", "has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ", "begging for attention , ", "that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly ", "anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "its courage , ideas , ", "ghetto ", "purposefully reductive movie ", "meditative and lyrical ", "the film is well under way -- ", "all its problems ", "sexiness ", "'s good ", "describes this film : honest ", "for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover ", "barn-burningly ", "( stephen ) earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . ", "is a goofy pleasure ", "bludgeoning the audience ", "misfire that even tunney ca n't save . ", "... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . ", "of his most daring , and complicated , performances ", "a triumph ", "the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia ", "despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . ", "only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) ", "so horrendously confusing ", "us ", ", in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting ", "desperate for the evening to end ", "if it belongs on the big screen ", "it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . ", "what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this ", "the story and the actors are served with a hack script . ", "well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too ", "donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , ", "dramatize life 's messiness ", "go hand in hand ", "to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "rewarding ", "`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . ", "shining with all the usual spielberg flair ", "anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich\u00e9 ", "among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism ", "aids ", "so vivid a portrait of a woman ", "shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material ", "some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson ", "too predictably , in fact . ", "be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images ", "a children 's party clown ", "fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller ", "super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . ", "the insinuation of mediocre acting or ", "a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? ", "exhaustingly contrived ", "performances , great to look at , and funny ", "'ll enjoy this movie . ", "somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . ", "byron and luther ", "the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting . ", "to sneak out of the theater ", "the substance it so desperately needs ", "one-dimensional buffoons ", "is of overwhelming waste ", "check your pulse . ", "takes its title all too literally ", "an intimacy ", "most elusive ", "who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing ", "given by the capable cast ", "standard slasher flick ", "a deeper story ", "'s just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ", "nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming ", "this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men ", "become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair ", "best moments ", "of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized ", "quite one of the worst movies of the year ", "of the best special effects ", "every sequel you skip ", "the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . ", "a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks ", "boring ", ", charming ", "i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that ", "`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company ", "are wasted in it ", "'s film ' in the worst sense of the expression ", "noisy ", "distasteful ", "rather leaden and dull ", "a deeply unpleasant experience ", "his sentimental journey of the heart ", "how very bad ", "like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) ", "an invaluable service ", "as a touching , transcendent love story ", "full of surprises ", "intelligent and ", "proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . ", "treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects ", "this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . ", "abject ", "'s apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . ", "something vital ", "in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates ", "maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is ", "he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic ", "one of the most entertaining bonds in years ", "christmas spirit ", ", poignancy , and intelligence ", "intricate , intimate and intelligent journey ", "appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time ", "try hard but ", "if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . ", "a lumbering load ", "devastated by war , famine and poverty and ", "the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . ", "it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here . ", "stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold ", "is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast ", "tortured and ", "blade 2 ", "begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy ", "liked a lot of the smaller scenes ", "obvious or self-indulgent ", "we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve ", "cinematic touchstone ", "have potential as a cult film , ", "a dull , dumb and derivative horror ", "are first-rate ", "silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight ", "would seem to be surefire casting . ", "suspend your disbelief here and now , ", "dishonesty ", "katzenberg ", "low on both suspense and payoff ", "a bottom-feeder sequel ", "have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . ", "it wo n't hold up over the long haul ", "ill-advised and ", "takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks ", "pale imitation ", "junk-calorie suspense tropes ", "of an ordeal than an amusement ", "goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling ", "it suits the script ", "undernourished and plodding ", "glaring triteness ", "an hour-and-a-half-long commercial ", ", the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich\u00e9 . ", "the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and ", "obvious ", "lacks ", "punishable by chainsaw ", "while he talks ", "grisly and engagingly quixotic ", "is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . ", "reflects the worst of their shallow styles ", "attempts to be grandiloquent , but ", "of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids ", "appeal to women ", "putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master ", "it 's badder than bad . ", "humorous . ", "savory and hilarious ", "grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond ", "freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box ", "disguised ", "burns out ", "moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but ", ", only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch ", "soulful , incisive meditation ", "forget its absurdity . ", "the movie is well done , but slow . ", "well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . ", "there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening . ", "feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs ", "a couple hours of summertime ", "is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . ", "can be numbing ", "'re not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . ", "that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters ", "weak and ", "but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . ", "look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten ", "that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . ", "grown-up voice ", "love story ", "the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film ", "offers winning performances and some effecting moments ", "our best achievements and ", "wit and humor ", "lurks just below the proceedings and ", "deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe ", "pleasuring ", "it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . ", "playfully profound ... ", "woven together skilfully ", "the film runs on a little longer than it needs to ", "of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band ", ", is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ", "funny bones tickled ", "that came to define a generation ", "a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- ", "ridiculous dialog ", "honor the many faceless victims ", "its sheer dynamism ", "good one ", "cheated ", "does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . ", "biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . ", "it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . ", "shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . ", "like a bad idea from frame one ", "faked ", "work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose ", "decent material ", "satisfies , ", "a solid cast , ", "is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching ", "excellent work ", "our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile ", "exit ", "a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two ", "bad and baffling from the get-go . ", "an unfortunate title ", "a customarily jovial air ", "toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away . ", "should have been a painless time-killer ", "the horrifying historical reality ", "facetious ", "to learn , to grow ", "went 8 movies ago ", "the hallucinatory drug culture ", "a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition ", "has fallen ", "counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity ", "it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . ", "his intellectual rigor or ", "though its story is only surface deep ", "slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth ", "clever enough ", "comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids ", "thoroughly enjoyable . ", "pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . ", "struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and ", "has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "is really funny ", "unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck ", "historic scandal ", "scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away ", "in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . ", "will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works ", "no obvious escape ", "it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . ", "as beautiful , desirable ", "happiness ", "the highest production values ", "overwhelmingly positive portrayal ", "the original new testament stories so compelling ", "overinflated ", "most excruciating 86 minutes ", "have the best of both worlds ", "a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage ", "terrible ", "fresh again ", "the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . ", "of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been ", "fully forgotten ", "a backbone ", "this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ", "but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . ", "pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate ", "his characters are acting horribly ", "'s refreshing to see a romance this smart . ", "while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . ", "projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless ", "blimp ", "a better short story ", "'s nice to see piscopo again after all these years ", ", unfussily poetic ", "very valuable film ", "is hard to care ", "to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn ", "every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ? ", "as clever ", "proper home ", "refreshingly smart and newfangled ", "for blade ii ", "intriguing movie experiences ", "creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . ", "with a completely predictable plot ", "low-rent -- ", "get to an imitation movie ", "get out ", "feel alive - ", "serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure ", "has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . ", "bitter pill ", "patriot ", "this obscenely bad dark comedy , ", "boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' ", "the talented cast generally ", "so vividly ", "can feel the love ", "by the full monty ", "have a hard time sitting through this one ", "denzel washington 's fine performance ", "to recovering from its demented premise ", "some honest insight ", "'s a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . ", "with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction ", "as sharp as the original ", "way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore ", "the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . ", "her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human ", "a fully developed story ", "bad company ", "it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . ", "this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses ", "uneasily ", "crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy ", "resemble their celebrity parents ", "truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ", "distinctive ", "opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche ", "its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and ", "'s not very interesting ", "a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs ", "vainly ", "a historically significant , and personal , episode ", "sentimentalizing ", "are moments of hilarity to be had ", "sympathy and intelligence ", "worked against the maker 's minimalist intent ", "kinda wrong in places ", "is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest ", "who learns that believing in something does matter ", "guessable from the first few minutes ", "teenage sex comedy ", "fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew ", "a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . ", "so much fun ", "usually genuinely worthwhile ", "the characters are based on stock clich\u00e9s , ", "'d grab your kids and run and then probably call the police ", "is more interesting ", "fascinating , unnerving examination ", "the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clich\u00e9d and too often strains credulity . ", "difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish ", "naturally charming ", "it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe ", "is a winner ", "is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema ", "topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs ", "could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ", "bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . ", "even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . ", "watching these two actors play ", "satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified ", "an intelligent movie ", "moving moments and an intelligent subtlety ", "the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . ", "tear-drenched quicksand ", "the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? ", "creeps into your heart . ", "trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- ", "a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . ", "suits the script ", "two fine actors , morgan freeman and ", "the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' ", "more confused , less interesting and more ", "big selling point ", "a waste ", "psychologically savvy . ", "low-brow ", "geriatric dirty harry ", "please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel ", "the home video market ", "holocaust literature ", "with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set ", "the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . ", "even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time . ", "with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . ", ", funny , and even touching ", "well directed ", "complete moron ", "to be because it plays everything too safe ", "strangely tempting bouquet ", "considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . ", "excruciating end ", "reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . ", "proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . ", ", girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . ", "manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk ", "able to pull it back on course ", "a lush , swooning melodrama ", "the theme does n't drag an audience down ", "the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light ", "sharp as the original ", "a coherent rhythm going ", "of cheesy dialogue ", "being good ", "of film entertainment ", "that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . ", "that seem so real in small doses ", "the balance between the fantastic and the believable ", "o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . ", "berling and b\u00e9art ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . ", "is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation ", "satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . ", "are too immature and unappealing to care about . ", "something of a stiff -- ", "my loved ones ", "mighty ", "is labored ", "are more silly than scary ", "take away the controversy ", "grotesque and ", "quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film ", "as south park ", "but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense ", "reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . ", "than its sunny disposition ", "i saw it as a young boy ", "lady ", "in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ", "this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; ", "life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad ", "that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash ", "nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . ", "when you instantly know whodunit ", "no discernible feeling ", "a fully engaged supporting cast ", "in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast ", "one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . ", "into feel-good territory ", "it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer ", "murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . ", "feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer ", "dopey ", "is : ` scooby ' do n't ", "with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . ", "who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior ", "one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . ", "this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but ", "an athlete ", "unattractive or odorous ", "delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . ", "halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . ", "cliched and contrived ", "how bad his movie is ", "go hand in hand with talent ", "wistful new film ", "wickedly undramatic central theme ", "direct-to-video stuff ", "true-blue delight . ", "jarring , new-agey tone ", "if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . ", "prolonged extrusion ", "doltish ", "appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . ", "the gloomy film noir veil ", "broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . ", "make it look as though they are having so much fun ", "a fine production ", "that makes michael jordan jealous ", "hilarity ", "the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . ", "comedy and ", "great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood ", "that 's as entertaining as it is instructive ", "an unsuccessful attempt ", "that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "intriguing questions ", "to the concession stand and/or restroom ", "been developed with more care ", "road ", "despite iwai 's vaunted empathy ", "brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema ", "tiresome jargon ", "a sentimental mess that never ", "to show us why it 's compelling ", "a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny ", "of comedic bliss ", "be thinking about going to see this movie ", "a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman ", ", stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . ", "the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable ", "if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout ", "while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision ", "as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . ", "executed it takes your breath away ", "a way of seeping into your consciousness ", "a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . ", ", compulsive life ", "sweet ", "virtually joyless ", "though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . ", "satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "likely to witness in a movie theater for some time ", "inherently funny ", "the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham ", "humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . ", "retaining an integrity ", "the widowmaker is a great yarn . ", "you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . ", "screwing ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard ", "the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves ", "a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ", "most famous ", "tremendous chemistry ", ", you can feel the love . ", "as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely ", "humor and humanity ", "in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold ", "a fragmented film ", "ill-advised and poorly ", "the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . ", "wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening ", "`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time ", "lovingly ", "this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest ", "fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket ", "the shallow sensationalism characteristic ", "is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ", "inspirational ", "did n't connect with me would require another viewing ", "fast and funny ", "possibly the best actor ", "always looks good ", "lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ", "toolbags ", ", all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . ", "the better film 's ", "remarkably accessible and haunting ", "the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ", "works well enough ", "delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story ", "made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such ", "much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . ", "this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend ", "appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clich\u00e9s the filmmakers could dredge up ", "a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest ", "can not engage ", "an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream ", "meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws ", "work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds ", "well worth watching ", "it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling ", "many genuine cackles ", "the wonderfully lush morvern callar ", "storytelling ", "a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . ", "overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot ", "a fascinating glimpse of urban life and ", "visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . ", "that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action ", "terrific as rachel ", "may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie ", "the hot chick is pretty damned funny . ", "interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ", "you should see this movie ", "a reasonably entertaining sequel ", "the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent ", "spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes ", "arrogant ", "no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . ", "of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale ", "some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither ", "become wearisome ", "wanting more answers as the credits ", "highly spirited ", "gender-provoking ", "unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy ", "could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals ", "pure adrenalin ", "blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) ", "it never comes close to being either funny or scary ", "pleasant enough ", "is a small gem ", "the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public ", "unconcerned about what they ingest ", "'ll still be glued to the screen . ", "starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television ", "insightful writer/director ", "cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts ", "contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing ", "not too filling ", "best irish sense ", "well-wrought ", "the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work ", "it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless ", "graphic treatment ", "postcard perfect ", "with a smile on your face ", "being a good documentarian ", "the folly of superficiality that is itself ", "what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . ", "a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable ", "struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious ", "is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth ", "while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . ", "entertains ", "the nightmare ", "particularly innovative ", "found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . ", "carvey 's glory days ", "crass , then gasp for gas , ", "is adequate ", "a wish your heart makes ", "hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ", "that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it ", "long enough to read the subtitles ", "they have been patiently waiting for ", "with more holes than clyde barrow 's car ", "lush , swooning melodrama ", ", and yet at the end ", "worldly-wise and very funny ", "implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all ", "something fresh to say ", "celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music ", "my indignant , preemptive departure ", "engaging mystery ", "emptiness and ", "they have a tendency to slip into hokum ", "painstaking ", "the princess seem smug and cartoonish ", "there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout ", "captivating drama ", "intelligent manner ", "the charm of the first movie is still there , ", "provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche ", "and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . ", "murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ", "pat storylines ", "quirky and recessive charms ", "manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ", "pretty decent little documentary ", "uniquely itself ", "tragic waste ", "robbed and ", "this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . ", "'s as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... ", "those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us ", "two fatal ailments -- ", "short of both adventure and song ", "from pleasing ", "so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar ", "sleep-inducingly ", "insufferably ", "expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ", "has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ", "has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , ", "fails to provoke them ", "a good-hearted ensemble comedy ", "mr. polanski is in his element here ", "proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . ", "do well to cram earplugs in their ears ", "give a thought to the folks who prepare and ", "the dark areas of parent-child relationships ", "takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it ", "a voice for a pop-cyber culture ", "need n't waste their time on it ", "is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky ", "the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . ", "takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints ", "the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . ", "a rip-off twice removed ", "looking for astute observations and coming up blank ", "'s most substantial feature for some time . ", "of a-list brit actors ", "sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that ", "is too upbeat ", "from the writing and direction to the soggy performances ", "significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition ", "shot all the way . ", "no real sense ", "as funny nor ", "romance ", "is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . ", "the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . ", "feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . ", "this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . ", "dismal ", "hollywood frightfest ", "unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers ", "heartwarming and ", "has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency ", "about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped ", "neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price . ", "go where the moment takes them ", "sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ", "offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect ", "it 's not a motion picture ; ", "rough-trade homo-eroticism ", "all that matters ", "their largest-ever historical canvas ", "incompetent , incoherent or ", "of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it ", "lazily ", "is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending ", "a delightful lark ", "accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . ", "besson 's high-profile name ", ", ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . ", "is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . ", "surprisingly refreshing ", "little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 ", "illuminating comedy ", "awe-inspiring ", "bo derek ", "the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . ", "who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans ", "almost seems like a documentary in the way ", "may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick ", "slow and ponderous , ", "... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . ", "sad to say ", "funny in the middle ", "goosebumps ", "to be ignored ", "'s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen ", "the three leads produce adequate performances , but ", "over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference ", "letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . ", "delight ", "trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ", "is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer ", "revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "into a laugh-free lecture ", "a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search ", "writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . ", "well-put-together ", "unexplainable pain ", "is actually ", "a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety ", "game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters ", "use a few good laughs ", "an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out ", "their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own ", "it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . ", "wide-smiling reception ", "'s a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime ", "like one long ", "none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and ", "was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in ", "by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past ", "flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ", "one makes ", "is that it stinks . ", "fun in this cinematic sandbox ", "the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . ", "unambitious ", "is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines ", ", however entertainingly presented , ", "awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times ", "achieving some honest insight ", "the jokes are flat , ", "this arrogant richard pryor wannabe ", "hilarious ", "watch these two together again in a new york minute ", "'s a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii ", "new kind ", ", amusing and unsettling ", "more emotional force than any other recent film ", "one-sided documentary ", "lofty ", "brainless , ", "the overall experience is awesome ", "the nature of compassion ", "scare the pants ", "sick ", "a rollicking adventure for you and ", "a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle ", "needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . ", "pointless meditation ", "hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . ", "a painfully slow cliche-ridden film ", "told and retold ", "seems worse for the effort ", "gimmicks ", "they do n't fit well together and ", "scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious ", "racism ", "an exciting plot ", "to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout ", "is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills ", "bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction ", "` laughing ", "that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "wannabe . ", "more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story ", "* corpus and its amiable jerking ", "overcomes its visual hideousness ", "leaden and predictable ", "in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable ", "a one-star rating ", "of small town regret , love , duty and friendship ", "got ", "xxx ", "best performance ", "'s fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . ", "flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool ", "that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer ", "perfect medium ", "a recycled and dumbed-down version ", "at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand ", "possibly will enjoy it ", "humdrum ", "vulgar , sexist , racist humor ", "delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , ", "one of the best love stories of any stripe ", "as padded as allen 's jelly belly ", "hungry-man portions of bad ' ", "the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest ", "the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . ", "you know the picture is in trouble . ", "settled for a lugubrious romance ", "it 's a very valuable film ... ", "very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece ", "cultural ", "dreary movie . ", "y tu mam\u00e1 tambi\u00e9n is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . ", "a gem of a movie ", "gives devastating testimony ", "'s undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ", "a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears ", "all-time great apocalypse movies ", "the grandeur of the best next generation episodes ", "both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving ", "snail-like ", "set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers ", "reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' ", "is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . ", "this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half ", "sandler ", "resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product ", "you wanting to abandon the theater ", "unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness ", "manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ", "about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ", "magic and is enjoyable family fare . ", "a dreary tract ", "solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke ", "enough to keep men ", "walked out of runteldat ", "one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater . ", "wrong on both counts ", "once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting ", "resurrection ", "a grittily beautiful film that looks ", ", madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! ", "of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries ", "as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ", "much worse than bland ", "one of the worst movies of the year ", "meandering , low on energy ", "a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits ", "cruelly funny ", "charitable ", "a hallmark film ", "becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship ", "count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is ", "is too long with too little going on . ", "sneering ", "the most important and exhilarating forms ", "wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime ", "engrossing entertainment ", "to the integrity and vision of the band ", "two ideas ", "better-focused ", "what punk ", "its unhurried narrative ", "never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . ", "her share of the holiday box office pie ", "in gross-out humor ", "is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin ", "the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors ", "extraordinarily talented ", "enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies ", "the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo ", "the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "( but none of the sheer lust ) ", "amusement ", "toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ", "manages a neat trick ", "intriguing , provocative stuff ", "solid family fun ", "most sincere and artful movie ", "the rare movie ", "the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . ", "stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ", "steals so freely from other movies and ", "ludicrous ", "it 's a heck of a ride ", "'s worth taking the kids to ", "humorous , illuminating study ", "treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . ", "just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . ", "rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment ", ", this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . ", "amazingly lame . ", "minimal appreciation ", "nudity ", "re-creation ", "each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture ", "would go back and choose to skip it . ", "a film of delicate interpersonal dances . ", "to leave this loser ", "in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. ", "from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather ", "kind of terrific ", "know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or ", "an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay ", "status ", "'s a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message ", "engaging characters ", "while the production details are lavish ", "is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer ", "some like it ", "an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula ", "stylish and moody ", "the production details are lavish ", "chilling and fascinating ", "memorable and resourceful ", "seem like a bad idea from frame one ", "there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ", "famous moments ", "are such a companionable couple ", "exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be ", "as gripping ", "many false scares ", "of all hollywood fantasies ", "what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . ", "it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . ", "make the most of its own ironic implications ", "'s a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . ", "did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home ", "of my greatest pictures , drunken master ", "outstanding ", "flick that scalds like acid ", "disquieting and thought-provoking film ", "put you off ", "a fine idea ", "little less bling-bling and a lot more romance ", "... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . ", "i saw this one ", "you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky ", "walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes ", "oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly ", "a visual delight ", "by bad writing ", "pleasure or ", "piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying ", "is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . ", "puppies with broken legs ", "almost as offensive ", "worth the look ", "is simply too overdone ", "a fascinating little tale ", "would subtlety be lost on the target audience ", "overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . ", "why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? ", "a purpose and a strong pulse ", "the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . ", "you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits ", "that 's because relatively nothing happens . ", "it makes up for with its heart . ", "when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science ", "of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged ", "beautiful , angry and sad , ", "self-discovery ", "seagal ran out of movies years ago , ", "a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer ", "entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action ", "action-packed film ", "it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ", "distanced us from the characters . ", "well worth revisiting as many times ", "made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . ", "a numbingly dull experience ", "equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . ", "occasionally interesting ", "director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . ", "race splitting ", "might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies ", "crafted import ", "its visual panache and compelling supporting characters ", "a characteristically engorged and sloppy ", "of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle ", "finely crafted ", "radical '' or `` suck '' ", "halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course ", "its committed dumbness ", "grows up ", "a great , participatory spectator sport . ' ", "a fullness that does not negate the subject ", "there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . ", "an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation ", "the film is a hilarious adventure and ", "visual treat ", "is n't as weird as it ought to be . ", "even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . ", "expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . ", "to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay ", "contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive ", "trashy ", "to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man ", "bigger than yourself ", ", signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . ", ", is painterly . ", "a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . ", "rambling examination ", "it 's a cool event for the whole family . ", "he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites ", "its story just is n't worth telling ", "both overplayed and exaggerated ", "the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . ", "trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness ", "shamelessly manipulative ", "builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . ", "some talented performers ", "it 's just rather leaden and dull . ", "bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . ", "stale retread ", "be killed ", "you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . ", "a heartening tale ", "catapulting the artist into her own work ", "ripoff ", "is compelling enough ", "that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs ", "spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . ", "moments of genuine insight into the urban heart ", "as we ", "the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and ", "not mean-spirited ", "is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "incredibly captivating and ", "car-wreck ", "are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ", "a rollicking adventure ", "rich promise ", "the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer ", "for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . ", "is a film for the under-7 crowd ", "keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired ", "a striking style ", "heartfelt story ", "will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . ", "hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks ", "in this case zero . ", "it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . ", "surrounded by open windows ", "disguise 24/7 ", "this gets us in trouble ", "emotional misery ", "they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... ", "crummy ", "mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power ", "a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . ", "an overly-familiar set ", "solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me ", "this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs ", "guy gets girl ", "is better ", "this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . ", "from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . ", "endearing ", "just does n't have big screen magic ", "most remarkable ", "pure ", "first love sweetly ", "captivated ", "all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . ", "it 's leaden and predictable , and ", "revelatory ", "take movies by storm ", "squeeze a few laughs ", "to document all this emotional misery ", "wildly uneven movie ", "exuberance in all ", "difficult to connect with on any deeper level ", "most devastating ", "the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything ", "'s an adventure story and history lesson all in one ", "able to forgive its mean-spirited second half ", "alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music ", "a solid , psychological action film from hong kong ", "take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad ", "perry 's good ", "trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory ", "with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ", "'s insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . ", "villainous ", "faux-urban ", "unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , ", "scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm ", "directed the film from the back of a taxicab ", "a moratorium , effective immediately , ", "makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow ", "a gushy episode of `` m * a * s * h '' only this time from an asian perspective . ", "transvestite comedy ", "criminal ", "good movie ", "88-minute highlight reel ", "is really , really stupid . ", "well-made pb & j sandwich ", ": an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ", "a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office ", "underdog movie since the bad news bears ", "it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas ", "have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation ", "by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ", "no-holds-barred cinematic ", "depressing to see how far herzog has fallen ", "dull , somnambulant exercise ", "a loud , low-budget and tired formula film ", "to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ", "enjoy as mild escapism ", "replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo ", "it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive ", "sensational denouements ", "seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent ", "grave for youngsters ", "is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . ", "good thing ", "by the dynamic first act ", "` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . ", "cause parents a few sleepless hours ", "it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults ", "be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act ", "good-time ", "humor and ", "if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . ", "it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . ", "as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die ", "moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act ", "a con artist and ", "that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original ", "though it runs 163 minutes ", "of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise ", "humor , verve and fun ", "there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . ", "the biggest husband-and-wife disaster ", "will be well worth your time . ", "have potential as a cult film ", "want to slap it ", "there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life ", "that a good video game movie is going to show up soon ", "must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . ", "plod ", "spell things out for viewers ", "are not to be dismissed . ", "ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ", "'s dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . ", "is virtually unwatchable . ", "the director at his most sparkling ", "a much larger historical context ", "me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens ", "also somewhat touched ", "about nothing ", "endless trailer ", "glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ", "do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch ", "an excellent sequel . ", "is grisly . ", "it actually improves upon the original hit movie ", "that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls ", "-- and disposable story -- ", "will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers ", "that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience ", "leave them singing long after the credits roll ", "the plot grows thin soon ", "a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it ", "this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story . ", "all end ", "of solid performances ", "a really cool bit -- ", "despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life ", "an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids ", "lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . ", "darker turns ", "but no . . ", "full ", "about the best straight-up ", ", uneventful ", "the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . ", "the look and the period trappings right ", "rubbish ", "all the values of a straight-to-video movie ", "kiddie-oriented stinker ", "for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . ", ", barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . ", "life , hand gestures , and ", "the mediterranean sparkles ", "to be genuinely satisfying ", "cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and ", "does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door ", "do n't think so ", "is good , ", "the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . ", "is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ", "due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue ", "presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "good documentarian ", "jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . ", "will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , ", "the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases ", "serious minded patience , respect and affection ", "introspective and entertaining ", "the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster . ", "terrific story ", "manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum ", "transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest ", "flick cliches ", "just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . ", "shoplifts shamelessly ", "embarrassingly ", "the limitations of his skill ", "a loud , brash and mainly unfunny ", "getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good ", "fresh and raw ", "a preposterous , prurient whodunit ", "soderbergh 's best films , `` ", "in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances ", "a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical ", "reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality ", "the strength ", "vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . ", "resorts to easy feel-good sentiments ", "familiar but enjoyable ", "the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time ", "more interesting -- and ", "embodies the transformation of his character ", "that it ca n't really be called animation ", "fizzability ", "a joyous communal festival ", "feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow ", "they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others ", "first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan ", "dirty faces ", "in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute ", "i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike ", "sucks you in and dares you not to believe it ", "honest , sensitive story ", "helps little ", "inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just ", "it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject ", "be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families ", "the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm ", "cheered ", "its intelligence and intensity ", "'s not clear ", "to feel good about ", "realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . ", "a lot smarter than your average bond . ", "extremely unpleasant ", "visually masterful ", "subtle direction ", "is a kind of perpetual pain ", "here is doa . ", "an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives . ", "a striking style behind the camera ", "is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . ", "the same mistake ", "funniest american comedy ", "makes this movie worth seeing ", "'re not merely watching history ", "make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience ", "a vivid imagination ", "in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution ", "as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? ", "is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world ", "the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror ", "will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . ", "as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ", ", it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . ", "that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours ", "a superficial way ", "reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain ", "that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment ", "have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ", "pointless , meandering ", "bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact ", "rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout . ", "'s both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . ", "watching it was painful ", "insufferably ", "filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat ", "is unfocused ", "weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . ", "girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy ", "figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ", "its epic scope ", "it 's really well directed ", "have fun in this cinematic sandbox ", "to rank with its worthy predecessors ", "reverie ", "about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption ", "that rare documentary ", "quite a vision ", "is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . ", "thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot of very bad scouse accents ", "spectacle and pacing ", "much better documentary ", "is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . ", "despite all the backstage drama ", "awesome ", "idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance ", "to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves ", "it might have held my attention , ", "this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years ", "the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix ", "to be a new yorker ", "transcend genre ", "forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today ", "is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel ", "delivering a dramatic slap ", "the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours ", ", is extraordinary . ", "i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , ", "unusually crafty and intelligent ", "to many clich\u00e9s ", "acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable ", "live happily ever after ", "'s potentially just as rewarding ", "bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . ", "a markedly inactive film , city ", "takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . ", "the only winner ", "and damaged dreams ", "funny for grown-ups as for rugrats ", "is funny ", "their super-dooper-adorability intact ", "gadgets ", "night out ", ", in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ", "see a romance this smart ", "are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one ", "a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes ", "zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . ", "a luis bu\u00f1uel film ", "valid ", "high-concept scenario ", "truly , truly bad ", "the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman ", "honest working man john q. archibald , ", "'s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ", "infamy ", "a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , ", "the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them ", "suicide ", "there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ", "an above-average thriller ", "have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit ", "mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary ", "crucifixion ", "idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well ", "steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context ", "buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt ", "dull-witted ", "can easily be considered career-best performances ", "material this rich ", "decorous ", "a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . ", "whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure ", "sharp movie ", "if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . ", "mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster ", ", high-adrenaline documentary . ", "movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics ", "honest attempt to get at something ", "in some delightful work on indie projects ", "seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity ", "might just be the movie you 're looking for . ", "lightly entertaining ", "a high enough level of invention ", "become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) ", "convincing impersonation ", "if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . ", "intimate and panoramic ", ", i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . ", "derivative and hammily ", "elbowed aside by one-liners ", "you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . ", ", dishonest ", "as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . ", "most substantial feature for some time ", "gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut ", "the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting ", "spent watching this waste of time . ", "keep watching the skies for his next project ", "half-baked setups ", "with witty dialogue and inventive moments ", "have recharged him ", "feels impersonal , almost generic ", "merely bad rather than ", "jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . ", "the following things are not at all entertaining : ", "proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film ", "thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances ", "tortured ", ", i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . ", "of the company 's astonishing growth ", "to keep the film entertaining ", "the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ", "its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting ", "most complex , generous and subversive artworks ", "broadcast ", "confusing sexual messages ", "'s the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge ", "take on the soullessness of work ", "feel like three hours . ", "going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ", "one-of-a-kind work ", "only to record the events for posterity , but ", "by labored writing and slack direction ", "its apparent glee ", "about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man ", "an awkwardly garish showcase ", "if uneven , ", "uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . ", "passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . ", "( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo ", "the best of herzog 's works ", "( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment ", "the laziness and arrogance ", "penetrating , potent exploration ", "falls ", "it still feels like a prison stretch . ", "how can you charge money for this ? ' ", ", pointless , stupid ", "in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt ", "'s hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone ", "just a kiss is a just a waste . ", "is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . ", "eloquent film ", "the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties ", "is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip ", "ruin ", "enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . ", "trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge ", "one moment in the film that surprises or delights ", "lumpen ", "to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "there 's no place for this story to go but down ", "perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen . ", "drowned me ", "clever script ", "so much farcical ", "the heart-pounding suspense ", "fetid underbelly ", "the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . ", "watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself ", "all this emotional misery ", "compelling mix ", "strong performances ", "it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but ", "a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . ", "-- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man ", "leave ", "is no denying the power of polanski 's film ", "seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . ", "funny pace ", "does n't really go anywhere ", "humor and pathos ", "has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . ", "is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . ", "haphazard , and inconsequential romantic ", "into a classic genre ", "hard , cold effect ", "of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing ", "a haunted house , ", "immature character ", "reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon ", "purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . ", "asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "the stale plot and pornographic way ", "the books are better ", "little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation ", "is a fascinating film ", "unfortunately ", "a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and ", "admission for the ridicule factor ", "staring ", "as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with ", "`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . ", "laughs and not the last time ", "finds its tone and several scenes run too long . ", "more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds ", "no , paralyzed ", "dim-witted and ", "dense , exhilarating documentary ", "the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . ", "death to smoochy is often very funny ", "greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . ", "to losing my lunch ", "this every-joke-has - been-told-a ", "is perfectly creepy and believable ", "every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary ", "but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary ", "the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . ", "a beautiful , entertaining two hours ", "weirdness for the sake of weirdness ", "of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes ", "this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears ", "makes the same mistake as the music industry ", "is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . ", "it is hard to resist ", "an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp ", "cram earplugs ", "the limitations of his skill and ", ", peculiar and always entertaining costume drama ", "is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening ", "this emotional car-wreck ", "murk ", "putrid writing , direction and timing ", "a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . ", "we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . ", "it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age ", "familial ", "no worse ", "badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story ", "a well-made pb & j sandwich ", "of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ", "of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick ", "without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . ", "striking new significance ", "pretty good overall picture ", "is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . ", "hate yourself for giving in ", "is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract ", "'s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ", "more strongly to storytelling ", "balances real-time rhythms ", "enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess ", "several old themes ", "most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain ", "might have fun in this cinematic sandbox ", "accident ", "so could young romantics out on a date . ", "twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . ", "fluffy and disposible . ", "passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . ", "like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive ", "visual flair ", "beautiful movement and inside information ", "find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere ", "suckers ", "a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . ", "the best espionage picture to come out in weeks ", "no idea of it is serious ", "a bland , obnoxious 88-minute ", "foul ", "'s so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary ", "a fun ", "overdoing it ", "hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old ", "just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . ", "in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue ", "of nearly epic proportions ", "i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ", "into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy ", "often-funny drama ", "entirely believable ", "it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break ", "for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience ", "made watchable by a bravura performance ", "where the film falters is in its tone . ", ", the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . ", "remarkable ", "this insane ", "wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany ", "it 's kinda dumb . ", "pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men ", "clean ", "maggots crawling on a dead dog ", "an entertainment destination ", "thriller ", "what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie ", "remarkably cohesive ", "lionize its title character and exploit his anger ", "pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling ", "twisted ", "most depressing ", "not amused by the sick sense of humor ", "after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . ", "a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion ", "hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film ", "at once both refreshingly different ", "has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor ", "seems twice as long as its 83 minutes ", "clever pseudo-bio ", "has many of the things that made the first one charming ", "when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable ", "a bore ", "in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people ", "deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection ", "entertaining , if somewhat standardized , ", "stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy ", "enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . ", "dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious ", "... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . ", "it is clearly a good thing . ", "a huge disappointment coming , as it does ", "the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook ", "surprisingly charming and even witty match ", "moldering ", "compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . ", "i loved on first sight and , even more important ", "stereotypical ", "ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous . ", "the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces ", "the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ", "the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility ", "one-star ", "self-mocking , ", "has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women ", "every moment crackles with tension ", "be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days ", "a selection of scenes in search of a movie . ", "watery tones ", "plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit ", "do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are ", "love , memory , history and ", "even bother to rent this on video ", "numbing ", "give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances ", "farts , urine , feces ", "a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust . ", "any of the signposts ", "a complete waste of time . ", "'s black hawk down with more heart ", "imperfect ", "returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension ", "derailed ", "lovely film ", "this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . ", "your dream ", "handsome and well-made entertainment ", "marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight ", "deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese ", "dreams , ", "no entertainment value ", "the only entertainment ", "is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness ", "pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste ", "funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic ", "( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all ", "elegantly produced ", "like horrible poetry ", "the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and ", "it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity ", "never fails to fascinate . ", "of dazzling entertainment ", "of intelligence or invention ", "have been called ` under siege 3 ", "casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? ", "not-very-funny ", "shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . ", "revels in its own simplicity ", "of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences ", "vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace ", "derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- ", "captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . ", "until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes ", "as a detailed personal portrait ", "nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . ", "a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . ", "paramount imprint ", "thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances ", "are poorly ", "a flimsy excuse ", "of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it ", "works - ", "which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way ", "lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film ", "is little else ", "genial-rogue shtick ", "'s the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . ", "speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . ", "retro-refitting exercise ", "` ke burstein ", "creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine ", "contempt ", "effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese ", "definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . ", "this thing is just garbage . ", "using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . ", "is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide ", "commands attention . ", "the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire ", "but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . ", "need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess ", "the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin ", "geriatric dirty harry , ", "is more fully ", ", accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . ", "watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . ", "live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve ", "notable ", "hilarious writer-director himself ", "debuts by an esteemed writer-actor ", "left off the film 's predictable denouement ", "like a can of 2-day old coke . ", "tiresome rant ", "imbue the theme with added depth and resonance ", "the nation ", "to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom ", "falls far short ", "its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... ", "did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection ", ", the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . ", "had this much imagination and nerve ", "beginning with the pale script ", "ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb ", "the cold ", "discreet filmmakers ", "might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ", "sentimental ooze ", "are very expressive . ", "by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . ", "it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . ", "alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 . ", "becomes too heavy for the plot . ", "wince in embarrassment and others , ", "a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor ", "assured ", "that is presented with universal appeal ", "pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting ", "of dead bodies ", "be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama ", "can easily worm its way into your heart ", "lame kiddie flick ", "adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . ", "a great yarn ", "believable and heart-wrenching ", "'s a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . ", "bad movies ", "insultingly inept and artificial ", "nauseating ", "value cash above credibility . ", "if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus ", "pretty contagious fun ", "miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . ", "with the inescapable conclusion ", "it feels like unrealized potential ", "good-naturedly cornball sequel . ", "prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ", "the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often ", "come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together ", "the actors make this worth a peek . ", "poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . ", "enough is just the ticket you need . ", "to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house ", "is a dazzling conceptual feat ", "been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ", "survive a screening with little harm done , ", "is more timely now than ever ", "the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . ", "'s a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters ", "fuddled ", "environmental pollution ever made ", "it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple ", "that 's hardly any fun to watch ", "dramatically satisfying heroine ", "fiercely clever and subtle film ", "is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . ", "into an ocean of trouble ", "not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie ", "what 's most offensive ", "was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . ", "unimaginable horror ", "probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists ", "squanders chan 's uniqueness ", "unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle ", "doing nothing ", "duly impressive in imax dimensions ", "takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze ", "the power of poetry and passion ", "are rolling over in their graves ", "it 's a fantastic movie ", "inspire a trip to the video store -- ", "as rewarding ", "it 's still quite worth seeing ", "the performances are worthwhile . ", "pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative ", "'s endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage ", "the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . '' ", "seem like a recycling of clich\u00e9s , an assassin 's greatest hits ", "prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design ", "subscriber ", "takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . ", "spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot ", "decent drama/action flick ", "this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy ", "a really funny movie ", "that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard ", "all credibility flies out the window . ", "looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . ", "unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ", "has little to do with the story , ", "the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . ", "viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances ", "an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories . ", "bring you into the characters ", "personal ", "have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . ", "their lofty perch ", "chilling ", "meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . ", "may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . ", "a loud , witless mess that ", "an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . ", "it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . ", "bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period ", "most of his budget ", "from squirming in their seats ", "a fan of the genre ", "can do even more damage ", "directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ", "stand out ", "conspicuous ", "that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny ", "is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time ", "have a cute partnership in i spy ", "offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . ", "a solid cast ", "nothing happens ", "franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ", "works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet ", "is just sooooo tired . ", "has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship ", "boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . ", "laughable dialogue ", "most excruciating ", "the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . ", "that suffers because of its many excesses ", "there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . ", "he just slopped ` em together here ", "fairytale ", "even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . ", "too much obvious padding ", "in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . ", ", the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens ", "of misogyny and unprovoked violence ", "blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . ", "riveting , brisk delight ", "ultimately unpredictable ", "has its faults ", "one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies ", "ultimate blame ", "... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' ", "every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy ", "feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . ", "jersey lowbrow accent uma ", "who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers ", "has not a trace of humanity or empathy ", "wewannour money back , actually ", "imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ", "a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . ", "excels in spectacle and pacing ", "the problem with `` xxx '' ", "touching as the son 's room ", "doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights ", "debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish . ", "this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . ", "mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance ", "used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again ", "talented , charismatic and tragically ", "laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . ", "stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . ", "one problem with the movie , ", "empty head ", "'s enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins ", "quick-witted than any english lit ", "clever , offbeat and even gritty enough ", "through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill ", "an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type ", "healing ", "shooting blanks ", "off-beat ", "no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg ", "has never ", "are mean giggles and pulchritude . ", "needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . ", "does justice ", "charming and evoking ", "love ", "seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . ", "the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . ", "will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious ", "the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run ", "takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope ", "has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy ", "cold-hearted curmudgeon ", "stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . ", "a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . ", "car wreck ", "'s a lot richer than the ones ", "when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons ", "people have lost the ability to think ", "symbiotic relationship ", "comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women ", "will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness ", "comes to dreaming up romantic comedies ", "( hayek ) ", "a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . ", "shoplifts ", "seemingly sincere personal reflection ", "so much first-rate ", "cold , gray , antiseptic ", "delivers the goods ", "there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . ", "apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . ", "celluloid garbage ", "expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness ", "excuse to eat popcorn ", "the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . ", "pessimism ", "if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities ", "is just too clich\u00e9d and too often strains credulity ", "with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television ", "a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected ", ", occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film ", "it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . ", "hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - ", "deniro 's once promising career ", "this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . ", "this film speaks for itself ", "is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . ", "on its empty head ", "maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone ", "wise-beyond-her-years teen ", "there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . ", "a self-indulgent script ", "a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait ", "directed it may leave you speaking in tongues ", "definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category ", "$ 99 bargain-basement special ", "would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . ", "richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but ", "mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . ", "is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned ", "the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and ", "warm and winning central performance ", "sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story ", "make it unexpectedly rewarding ", "the best sequel ", "meandering and confusing ", "trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed ", "its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros ", "than a leaky freighter ", "the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic ", "a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and ", "crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments ", "been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle ", "is all over the place , really . ", "beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . ", "based on stock clich\u00e9s ", "got as potent a topic as ever here ", "by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy ", "has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them ", "'ll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds ", "are fantasti ", "as if by cattle prod ", "almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ", "the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing ", "an extraordinary poignancy ", "clever and unflinching in its comic barbs ", "this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . ", "margarita happy hour ", "falls flat as thinking man ", "a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . ", "taylor 's cartoonish performance and ", "the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . ", "both sides of this emotional car-wreck ", "of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway ", "is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ", "a brilliant college student ", "the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . ", "cinematic experience ", "off the element of surprise ", "of bland hollywood romance ", "dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important ", "uncommonly sincere ", "yawner . ", "make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not ", "characteristic warmth ", "cool visual backmasking ", "does an established filmmaker ", "a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances ", "is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else ", "his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline ", "the plot is paper-thin and ", "in unexpected ways , touching ", "this beautifully ", "any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions ", "is little else to recommend `` never again . '' ", "hiss ", "absolute joy ", "an intense political and psychological thriller ", "is the kathie lee gifford of film directors ", "unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . ", "its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case ", "has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ", "is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . ", "a funny no-brainer ", "play out realistically if not always fairly . ", "a vile , incoherent mess ", "hard-hitting documentary ", ", however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . ", "huge action sequence ", "a really strong second effort ", "the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and ", "a charming and evoking little ditty ", "far less ", "barely defensible sexual violence ", "the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . ", "deft comic timing ", "like the wanderers and a bronx tale ", "most depressing movie-going experiences ", "is less compelling than the circumstances of its making ", ", verve and fun ", "crisp and ", "matinee price ", "deadeningly drawn-out ", "piece , a model of menacing atmosphere ", "is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor ", "stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies ", "would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman ", "patience , respect and affection ", "is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon ", "a properly spooky film ", "they will have a showdown ", ", the characters move with grace and panache ", "acquires an undeniable entertainment value ", ", i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . ", "stand tall ", ", this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . ", "a wild ride that relies on more than special effects ", "with style and empathy ", "shared by the nation ", "to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages ", "pot ", "comic sparks ", "canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . ", "keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . ", "is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish ", "the run-of-the-mill singles blender ", "a ` girls gone wild ' video ", "the film lapses ", "a small gem from belgium . ", "mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls ", "the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , ", "enhances the excellent performances ", "to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release ", "it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . ", "a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import ", "that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace ", "adds substantial depth ", "an oscar nomination ", "it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky ", "pointed personalities , courage , tragedy ", "a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland ", "the looseness of the piece ", "may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry ", "all too clever complexity ", "feel like a 10-course banquet ", "bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline ", "is the drama within the drama ", "a gorgeously strange movie , ", "genial but never inspired , and little ", "about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams ", "sophomore effort ", "stay away . ", "there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ", "a gift ", "know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further ", "a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad ", ", those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . ", "illuminating ", "make the most of the large-screen format ", "improbable ", "could n't help but ", "enjoyable ... ", "tackling what seems like done-to-death material ", "an eye on preserving a sense of mystery ", "seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its \u00e9lan , humor , bile , and irony ", "a sour taste ", "terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english ", "big summer movies ", "solidly constructed ", "a balanced film ", "ice age wo n't drop your jaw , ", "its pretensions ", "the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . ", "made the first film so special ", "takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading ", "we have a bad , bad , bad movie ", ", snide and prejudice . ", ", this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . ", "land beyond time ", "fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second ", "juvenile delinquent ", "stay away ", "are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? ", "with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ", "ludicrous ", "intelligent , and ", "dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ", "with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life ", "that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture ", "the plot is nothing but boilerplate clich\u00e9s from start to finish , and ", "to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you ", "make the stones weep ", "linking a halfwit plot ", "lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... ", "some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . ", "a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . ", "joyous ", "is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends ", "bowser ", "captivating . ", "oh , look at that clever angle ! ", "overblown ", "frustrating ` tweener ' ", "an unimaginative screenwriter 's ", "as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs ", "point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . ", "the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . ", "of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen ", "well-balanced ", "do n't really care too much about this love story . ", "is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival ", "the trailer is a riot . ", "a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that ", "if you only had a week to live ", "pollyana would reach for a barf bag ", "on its fairly ludicrous plot ", "do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director ", "will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' ", "true and ", "'s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room ", "is among wiseman 's warmest ", "shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . ", "this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . ' ", "strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose ", "a bland ", "most pleasurable movies ", "a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness ", "once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . ", "all great films about a life you never knew existed ", "utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . ", "gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake ", "is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective ", "it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory ", "of renegade-cop tales ", ", imagination and insight ", "an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion ", "writing and slack direction ", "the pile of useless actioners ", "the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry ", "gripping ", "well-crafted film ", "most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise ", "to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart ", "the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . ", "why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing ", "in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . ", "more beautiful than either of those films ", "a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy ", "stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . ", ", it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . ", "the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made ", "revulsion ", "perhaps the grossest movie ever made . ", "feast ", "the pacing is often way off and ", "offers the none-too-original premise ", "make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art ", "compelling character ", "is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday ", "deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , ", "similarly styled gremlins ", "blue crush is as predictable as the tides . ", "beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade ", "worthwhile documentary ", "have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention ", "a smart , nuanced look at de sade and ", "'s an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . ", "scenic shots ", "it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing ", "takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point ", "what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller ", "the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry ", "sit in neutral ", "profound characterizations ", "the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself ", "mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies ", "because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "we were soldiers ", "vin diesel is the man . ", "sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching ", "much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ", ", unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . ", "donovan ... squanders his main asset , ", "surprisingly sensitive script co-written ", "the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clich\u00e9d and too often strains credulity ", "the marvelous verdu ", "one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , ", "bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique ", "that quickly wears out its limited welcome ", "does n't really go anywhere . ", "a dickensian hero ", "look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . ", "have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , ", "an eloquent , deeply felt meditation ", "is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . ", "has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke ", "interesting and ", "the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat ", "you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . ", "it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer ", "self-consciously ", "a nationwide blight ", "one hour photo lives down to its title . ", "and unabashed sweetness ", "love its fantasy and adventure ", "lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary ", "awkwardly contrived exercise ", "have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . ", "a family film ", "curse ", "better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ", "towards child abuse ", "be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . ", "it 's mostly a pleasure to watch . ", "appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and ", "afterlife ", "director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie ", "`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all ", "is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage ", "good ", "the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes ", "the artificial structure ", "every bit as imperious ", "the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . ", "its empowerment ", "as intellectual masterpieces ", "can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ", "truth ", "have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort ", "many tense scenes in trapped ", "cheesy dialogue ", "suspenseful enough for older kids but not ", "something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality ", "is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ", "has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . ", "just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm ", "american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . ", "along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes ", "the film 's saving graces ", "to remain an unchanged dullard ", "no real narrative logic ", "a pretty good overall picture of the situation ", "on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams ", "as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . ", "more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable ", "great scares and ", "the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ", "that resident evil is not it ", "about the thousands of americans who die hideously ", "has a tired , talky feel . ", "where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences ", "overexposed waste ", "it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating ", "snooze ", "manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... ", "such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and ", "this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged ", "old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle ", "mug shots ", "inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . ", "of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery ", "for the most part , credible ", "kwan 's unique directing style ", "unhappy situation ", "by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy ", "rare family movie ", "of almost bergmanesque intensity ", "dopey old ", "the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and ", "accurately ", "robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows . ", "the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen ", "michael myers for good ", "payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , ", "always hilarious meara ", "the utter authority of a genre gem ", "unforgettable characters ", "forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore ", "wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life ", "its extraordinary intelligence and originality ", "the rich performances by friel ", "simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . ", "manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema ", "as disney 's 1937 breakthrough ", "a winning and wildly fascinating work . ", "be talking about the film once you exit the theater ", "greatest triumph ", "pipe dream does have its charms . ", "as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . ", "predictable plotting ", "'s certainly an honest attempt to get at something ", "into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary ", "seek and strike just the right tone ", "an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off ", "is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories ", "the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged ", "really good premise ", "have a good time here ", "with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance ", "brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . ", "have n't laughed that hard in years ", "to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories ", "appropriately ", "a rejected x-files episode ", "a treasure chest ", ", swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . ", "humorous and tender ", "kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers ", "heightened , well-shaped dramas ", "the thinness of its characterizations ", "black hawk down and we ", "some of the best special effects ", "copycat ", "any redeeming value whatsoever ", "does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) ", "in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . ", "are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . ", "of your eyes ", "perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' ", "it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy ", "butterflies that die ", ", it collapses like an overcooked souffl\u00e9 . ", ", compelling story ", "extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . ", "at least now we 've got something pretty damn close ", "that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of ", "mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . ", "that really gives the film its oomph ", "into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable ", "it may not be particularly innovative , ", "similarly ill-timed antitrust ", "while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . ", "so that the human story is pushed to one side ", "your first instinct is to duck ", "hindered ", "what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip ", "looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel ", "at the station looking for a return ticket to realism ", "predictable plot ", "loses its ability to shock and amaze ", "is an earnest study in despair ", "fiction ", "one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . ", "lift the spirits of the whole family ", "murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death ", "mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . ", "its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . ", "know what to make of this italian freakshow ", "romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . ", "dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ", "the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched ", "a boring movie ", "boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . ", "for evil ", "watching a walk to remember ", "does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . ", "will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking ", "heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . ", "the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack ", "shoot ", "` laugh therapy ' ", "if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for . ", "thoroughly entertaining ", "the positive change ", "the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty ", "the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . ", "that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination ", "'s a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition ", "where big stars and high production values are standard procedure ", "it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose . ", "to the world trade center tragedy ", "has some of the best special effects ever ", "cartoonish clich\u00e9s and sneering humor ", "most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing ", "shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film ", "it 's simply baffling ", "works against itself ", "engross even ", "so insanely stupid ", "french coming-of-age import ", "if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . ", "this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . ' ", "the quirky drama ", "to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor ", "choke ", "critical ", "it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring ", "does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length ", "'s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . ", "immersed in love , lust , and sin ", "too narrow to attract crossover viewers ", "little cleavage ", "the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny ", "fun-for-fun 's ", "hates ", ", windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . ", "bump in the night and nobody ", "bad singer-turned actors ", "the filling ", "lurches between not-very-funny comedy ", "a smutty guilty pleasure ", "sordid of human behavior on the screen , ", "heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends ", "go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery ", "relatively dry ", "than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up ", "( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material . ", "a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ", "a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . ", "bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics ", "it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . ", "some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ", "top-notch cast ", "funnier . ", "a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text ", "be familiar ", "shocking in its eroticized gore ", "care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ", "artistry ", "to be mildly amusing ", "by extension , accomplishments ", "digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . ", "an appealing blend ", "although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service ", "charming and quirky ", "through the gloomy film noir veil ", "re-fried green tomatoes ", "is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . ", "that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy ", "i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . ", "this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars ", "the call of the wild ", "it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; ", "auschwitz ", "p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance ", "that its visual imagination is breathtaking ", "impressively true for being so hot-blooded ", "maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' ", "repetitious ", "have saved this film a world of hurt ", "a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ", "explosive ", "suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . ", "are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject ", "is a heartfelt story ", "the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill ", "warmest ", "in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable ", "the film more silly than scary ", "life-embracing ", "intoxicating ", "decrepit ", "overflowing ", "so freely ", "the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . ", "both gentle and biting ", "( and lovely ", "going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous ", "make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . ", "most magical and most ", "scariest movie ", "for every cheesy scene ", "knockout ", "merely pretentious -- ", "for devotees of french cinema ", "the same mistake as the music industry ", "directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . ", "went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is ", ", lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . ", "need of some trims and ", "it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy ", "by characters so unsympathetic ", "be as intelligent ", "deliciously slow . ", "smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . ", "is his best film ", "poor ", "conflicts ", "fantasy of a director 's travel ", "a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before ", "high-wattage ", "` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . ", "comic elements ", "little action , almost ", "is definitely worth seeing . ", "dogs who are smarter than him ", "a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . ", "exciting and well-paced ", "that it 's a brazenly misguided project ", "a single good film ", "the funniest and most accurate depiction ", "feels less ", "an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood ", "style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast ", "turn on many people to opera ", "lack of thematic resonance ", "warmth and gentle humor ", "chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . ", "a cinematic touchstone ", "never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy ", "the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end ", "poignant and delicately complex . ", "the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen ", "`` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... ", "connect with on any deeper level ", "complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore ", "a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . ", "like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out ", "feels incredibly hokey ", "add anything fresh ", "candid , archly funny and ", "not-at-all-good ", "a wonderful film to bring to imax ", "something rare and riveting : ", "capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy ", "describe exactly how bad it is ", "captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ", "a lot richer than the ones ", "give it considerable punch ", "... a pretentious mess ... ", "smart , not cloying ", "keeps lifting the pedestal higher ", "are nowhere near ", "curves ", "dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction ", "corpse ", "delicately performed ", "sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and ", "as endearing and easy ", "she does little here but point at things that explode into flame ", "kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor ", "richly resonant work ", "has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . ", "of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest ", "flawed and brilliant ", "it 's a loathsome movie ", "like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks ", "conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year ", "was so endlessly , grotesquely , ", "biggest ", "unlike lots of hollywood fluff ", "spectacular ", "go the distance ", "do n't say you were n't warned ", "what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . ", "interesting in unfaithful ", "worthy ", "such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one ", "his aversion ", "grace this deeply touching melodrama ", "a bland animated sequel ", "treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . ", "often hilarious ", "serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting ", "k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . ", "the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here . ", "with us is a minor miracle ", "to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers ", "a moving tale ", "daytime tv serviceability , but little more ", "considerable charm ", "as it turns out , you can go home again . ", "i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... ", "weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne ", "can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . ", "there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen ", "a shame ", "every joke is repeated at least ", "red dragon '' never cuts corners . ", "cynical ", "a feel movie ", "her most charmless ", "hitting your head on the theater seat ", "spellbinding serpent 's ", "enchanting ", "great to look at , and funny ", "a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . ", "pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . ", ", beautifully realized ", ", having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . ", "death to smoochy is often very funny , ", "is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . ", "strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . ", "schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ", "benefit ", "gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . ", "an enthralling , entertaining feature . ", "a longtime tolkien fan ", ", it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end ", "some modest amusements ", "garish showcase ", "super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid ", "one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . ", ", e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . ", "that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies ", "auteuil is a goofy pleasure ", "a not-so-bright mother and daughter ", "a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . ", "will eat up like so much gelati ", "seem tiresomely simpleminded ", "nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them ", "be oblivious to the existence of this film ", "a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . ", "gimmicky ", "is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ", "impersonal ", "moments of breathtaking mystery ", "has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , ", "it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had ", "the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ", "if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea ", "approach to the workplace romantic comedy ", "plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . ", "instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel ", "awesome work : ", "mediocre fable from burkina faso . ", "admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . ", "while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . ", "-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- ", "sexy razzle-dazzle ", "inert sci-fi action thriller . ", "an ambitious film ", "the pratfalls but little else ", "boisterous , heartfelt comedy ", "a movie of technical skill and rare depth ", "that proceeds ", "there 's nothing very attractive about this movie ", "it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart . ", "not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet ", "the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and ", "succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless ", "failed jokes , ", ", it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . ", "way fears and slights ", "clear and reliable ", "viscerally repellent ", "to the always hilarious meara and levy ", "... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . ", "yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . ", "as delicately calibrated in tone ", "succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . ", "deafening ", "has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . ", "be rewarded with some fine acting ", "intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . ", "wholesome and subversive ", "is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . ", "tense ", "a strong pulse ", "has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood ", "was utterly charming ", "far less sophisticated and ", "interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story ", "lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing ", "high-powered star pedigree ", "instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . ", "light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout ", "of hope ", "with such exuberance and passion ", "on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly ", "phoned-in business ", "took of the family vacation ", "hollywood disregard ", "his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , ", "the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed ", "interesting ", "inferior level ", "is funny , ", "place for a great film noir ", "trying to forget ", "to play one lewd scene after another ", "gripping performances ", "of this dog of a movie ", "the most repugnant adaptation ", "the edge of your seat for long stretches ", "every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy ", "a thirteen-year-old 's book report ", "has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh ", "the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , ", "by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices ", "lacking substance and soul ", "quirky and taken with its own style ", "generally smart casting ", "wide-smiling ", "enormously good fun ", "become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle ", "well-developed characters ", "been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again ", "the human story is pushed to one side ", "robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- ", "a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... ", "a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ", "another example of how sandler is losing his touch ", "the really bad blair witch project ", "has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ", "something hip and transgressive ", "kafka ", "downfall ", "attempts to mine laughs ", "undeniable social realism ", "fine actors ", "-- she 's pretty and she can act -- ", "wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . ", "continues . ", "- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked ", "be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play ", "absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer ", "nails all of orlean 's themes ", "standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull ", "birot 's ", "a classic text since roland joff\u00e9 and demi moore ", "a very old-school kind ", "that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ", "showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase ", "at this nonsensical story ", "are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . ", "demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . ", "it 's just grating ", "suspenseful clich\u00e9 ", "will enjoy it ", "epic ", "shabby script ", "the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . ", "a potentially trite and overused concept ", "a powerful and deeply moving example ", "well-meaning ", "the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line ", "is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating ", "aliens and ", ", then blood work is for you . ", "love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it ", "needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? ", "a terrible movie , ", "and that is where ararat went astray . ", "the tale with bogus profundities ", "its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick ", "fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . ", "by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors . ", "an enthralling aesthetic experience , ", "great help ", "lust and love ", "wry humor ", "must indeed ", "the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding ", "difficult , endless ", "it all the more compelling ", "to endure instead of enjoy ", "their natural instinct for self-preservation ", "canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . ", "a clich\u00e9d and shallow cautionary tale ", "a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating ", "as a dentist 's waiting room ", "all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream ", "a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . ", "it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . ", "satirical touches ", "mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos ", "get more out of the latter experience ", "its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing ", "operates nicely ", "their idol 's energy and passion for detail ", "wonderful , imaginative script ", "the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' ", "complete waste ", "ocean visuals ", "like it was worth your seven bucks ", "the film never recovers from the clumsy clich\u00e9 of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . ", "alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . ", "'s a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer ", "the good , which is its essential problem ", "mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists ", "sun-drenched masterpiece ", "although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . ", "welcome perspective ", "rashomon-for-dipsticks ", "and suspenseful argentinian thriller ", "directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory ", "the stylistic rigors ", "sympathizing with terrorist motivations ", "the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . ", "video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose ", "everlasting ", ", fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . ", "with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ", "( an ) absorbing documentary . ", "treating female follies ", "is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . ", "a bit too eager to please . ", "coming-of-age theme ", "truest sense ", "swooping down on a string of exotic locales ", "borrows from other movies ", "flashy , overlong soap opera . ", "like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok ", ", director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . ", "proves as clear and reliable an authority on that ", "griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous . ", "makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . ", "comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle ", "with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period ", "is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . ", "an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . ", "hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is ", "much of it is funny , but ", "you are n't very bright ", "the energetic and always surprising performance ", "someone understands the need for the bad boy ", "is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend ", "almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off ", "with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs ", "a frightening and compelling ` what if ", "the titillating material ", "skins is heartfelt and achingly real . ", "odd but ultimately satisfying blend ", "his several silly subplots ", "with a serious minded patience , respect and affection ", "of particular value or merit ", "stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you ", "horrible pains ", "this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . ", "told well by a master ", "on , well , love in the time of money ", "good , organic character work ", "see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' ", "an interesting storyline ", "fudged opportunity ", "recite some of this laughable dialogue ", "washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him ", "unbearable ", "in the worst way ", "enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , ", "that underlies the best of comedies ", "filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen ", "fart ", "be an important movie , or even a good one ", "very slow , uneventful ", "one big blustery movie ", "much better mother-daughter tale ", "a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle ", "its dark , delicate treatment of these characters ", "disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look ", "payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast ", "to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing ", "slap her ", "the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit ", "a preposterous , prurient whodunit . ", "to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject ", "the pure adrenalin ", "a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one ", "liked this film a lot ", "becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . ", "a prolific director of music videos ", "by splendid performances ", "shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . ", "be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy ", "several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . '' ", "reveals itself slowly , ", "scant place for the viewer ", "will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy ", "something to be fully forgotten ", "that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating ", "be nominated for an oscar next year ", "cruel , misanthropic stuff ", "a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding m\u00e9tier ", "heartfelt concern ", "rush to the theater for this one ", "classic ", "it is handled with intelligence and care ", "attractive about this movie ", "finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson ", "the slapstick is labored , ", "the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ", "hackneyed , threadbare comic setups ", "feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject ", "does n't drag an audience down ", "chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . ", "must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks ", "imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics ", "'s his strongest performance since the doors ", "terrific 10th-grade learning tool ", "embodies the transformation of his character completely . ", "an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . ", "hated myself ", "a domestic melodrama ", "the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clich\u00e9s and borrowed images ", "ca n't recommend it ", "at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm ", "inspiring tale ", "putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' ", "that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it ", "the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict ", "delightful , if minor , pastry ", "a masterpeice ", "on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed ", "while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances . ", "remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? ", "a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre ", "result in a movie that works against itself ", "galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie ", "represents two of those well spent ", "a zippy 96 minutes ", "84 minutes is short ", "creative film ", "it 's not half-bad ", "slow , predictable and ", "gradually accumulates more layers ", "by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks ", "texture and realism ", "the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . ", "fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire ", "so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work ", "you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down ", "one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , ", "under the weight of too many story lines ", "with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese ", "the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . ", "a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone ", "call the ` wow ' factor ", "creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images ", "where a masterpiece should be ", ", cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . ", "brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense ", "the six-time winner ", "this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . ", "mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic ", "like to ride bikes ", ", luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine ", "snappy ", "fringe feminist conspiracy theorist ", "most original american productions ", "leaps over national boundaries ", "pretention ", "like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama ", ", while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing ", "we 've seen it all before in one form or another , ", "lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire ", "skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults ", "seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . ", "his dead mother ", "just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . ", "find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her ", "its core ", "though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking ", "horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . ", "all sides ", "ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side ", "while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . ", "the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative ", "cheap manipulation or corny conventions ", "a meditation on faith and madness ", "to bring something new into the mix ", "rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday ", "as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit ", "... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . ", "slow and ", "( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be ", "iranian drama ", "than indecent proposal ", "scathing ", "stripped almost entirely ", "intriguing bit ", "... has thrown every suspenseful clich\u00e9 in the book at this nonsensical story . ", "( tries ) ", "the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . ", "the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , ", "work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative ", "geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity ", "its poignancy hooks us completely ", "the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . ", "causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . ", "a smart and funny ", "toothless ", "may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families ", ", naturally dramatic ", "starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ", "fun part ", "brings documentary-like credibility ", "idiotic and ugly . ", "of good-natured fun found in films like tremors ", "while it can be a bit repetitive ", "cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace . ", "are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . ", "almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more ", "fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , ", "an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing ", "with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery ", "an awkwardly contrived exercise ", "intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening ", "schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins ", "rollicking dark humor ", "most daring , and complicated ", "multi-layers ", "feels rigged and sluggish . ", "increasingly diverse french director ", "into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim ", "with a flourish ", "canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous ", "the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . ", "a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ", "eye-popping visuals ", "woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . ", "crass , contrived sequels ", "this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part . ", "`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . ", "is something of a triumph . ", "it 's at least watchable ", "not without merit ", "unforgivingly ", "its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . ", "with this masterful ", "fat ", "ararat feels like a book report ", "in the wrong hands ", "intelligent people ", "this movie worth seeing ", "shapeless inconsequential move ", "a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ", "pathetic as dahmer ", "a pressure cooker of horrified awe ", "at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . ", "a dim-witted and lazy spin-off ", "of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity ", "is never any question of how things will turn out ", "is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . ", "do the genial-rogue shtick to death ", "that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ", "a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery ", "pretty weary ", "'ll keep watching the skies for his next project ", "way too full ", "is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care ", "it would be better as a diary or documentary ", "than either of those films ", "a troubadour ", "few movies are able to accomplish ", "the similarly ill-timed antitrust ", "to make up for the ones that do n't come off ", "alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads ", "picked me up , swung me around , ", "a film of epic scale ", "leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied ", "of despair ", "with very little story or character ", "two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . ", "would have a hard time sitting through this one ", "to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it ", "given this movie a rating of zero ", "if you can get past the taboo subject matter ", "falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace ", "so good ", "any of the signposts , as if ", "safe as a children 's film ", "is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . ", "are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid ", "best straight-up ", "because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ", "climate ", "directorial touch ", "what 's worse is that pelosi knows it . ", "the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on b\u00fcttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . ", "makes the grade as tawdry trash ", "made off with your wallet ", "been kind enough to share it ", "takes hold and grips ", "the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . ", "revitalize ", "another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . ", "you sweat ", "although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ", "awkward hybrid ", "the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen ", "the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . ", "'s just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . ", ", a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . ", "tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . ", "would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is ", "she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ", "full of surprises . ", "fantastic ! ", "thoughtful dialogue ", "help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . ", "'ll cheer ", "that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed ", "is recognizably plympton ", "if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . ", "a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects ", "tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . ", "ups ", "strength and sense ", ", it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . ", "delivered in low-key style ", "neither is well told ", "its own thinness ", "of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ", "lumpy as two-day old porridge ", "fondly ", "the ultimate movie experience ", "the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . ", "give performances of exceptional honesty . ", "several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , ", "a big splash ", "are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed ", "sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . ", "done excellent work here ", "thoughtful minor classic ", "compulsively watchable ", "from its cheesy screenplay ", "even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly ", "the best films of the year ", "crap like this ", "'s that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet ", "featuring an oscar-worthy performance ", "taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling ", "an important movie ", "illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in ", "a watch ", "it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . ", "inconsistencies ", "turn and devolves ", "will most likely doze off during this one . ", "will want to see over and over again . ", ", all-enveloping movie experience ", "an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- ", "rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . ", "first-time director jo\u00e3o pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations ", "good-natured ", "losing my lunch ", "an electric pencil sharpener ", "by this gentle comedy ", "fourth feature ", "you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll ", "elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . ", "of cliches ", "have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release ", ", if good-hearted , movie . ", "the vulgar , sexist , racist humor ", "wasting away ", "into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty ", "with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . ", "heated sexuality ", "audacious-impossible ", "this overlong infomercial ", "could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident ", "plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . ", "most certainly has a new career ahead of him ", "the original ", "captivating ", ", low-budget constraints ", "the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , ", "anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket ", "phrase ` life affirming ' ", "is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made ", "of social texture and realism ", "gets its greatest play ", ", unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it ", "essentially ruined -- or ", "confessions is n't always coherent , ", "three splendid actors ", "should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ", "'s well worth ", "familiar road ", "dropped ", "terrific casting and ", "sentiment and withholds delivery ", "we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold . ", "liked this film a lot ... ", "riveting set pieces ", "pure composition ", "the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man ", "classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? ", "what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . ", "an earnest moment ", "such a bore ", "the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm ", "it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . ", "love the film ", "twinkling ", "shining ", "a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick ", "bodily function jokes ", "an uncluttered , resonant gem ", "i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . ", "no point ", "none-too-original ", "stunningly unoriginal ", "it 's an entertaining movie ", "not funny performers ", "uninspired scripts , acting and direction ", "could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . ", "hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions . ", "is a great deal of fun ", "cheeky ", "shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . ", "a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool ", "unlikeable ", "and con , for adults ", "observant , unfussily poetic ", "for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff ", "damn unpleasant ", "only has about 25 minutes of decent material . ", "intermittently good ", "stultifying ", "messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments ", "packed with just as much intelligence as action ", "reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy ", "of quality ", "the star-making machinery of tinseltown ", "what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . ", "flaws , ", "that a life like this can sound so dull ", "the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . ", "the movie makes two hours feel like four . ", "move over bond ; ", "good noir ", "gold ", "is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . ", "in the knowledge imparted ", "be called animation ", "be the movie you 're looking for ", "premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . ", "you 'll probably love it . ", "tv sitcom material at best ", "is notable for its sheer audacity and openness ", "lacks ", "members of the cultural elite ", "skip this turd ", "do the subject matter justice ", "better video-game-based ", "brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history ", "is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . ", "this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . ", "brain strain ", "the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes ", "the best disney movie ", "cutting hollywood satire ", "their parents , wise folks that they are ", "there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip ", "two guys yelling in your face for two hours ", "yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie ", "thornier ", "might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy ", "convenient ", "it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . ", "most accomplished work ", ", pretty and gifted , it really won my heart ", "is both a snore and utter tripe . ", "make a splash even greater ", "classical dramatic animated feature ", "bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . ", "irritatingly transparent ", "most unpleasant things ", "delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . ", "another first-rate performance ", "to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment ", ", you 're far better served by the source material . ", "the best of comedies ", "to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack ", ", it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . ", "a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't ", "his craft ", "sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema ", "a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ", "image-mongering ", "conventional , but well-crafted film ", "the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm ", "that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then ", "powerful , naturally dramatic ", "has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best ", "a good job ", "is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . ", "fights a good fight ", "is simply brilliant ", "infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . ", "failing to find a spark of its own ", "overwritten ", "makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart ", "demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world ", "the promise of excitement ", "poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ", "to recommend it ", "most hollywood romantic comedies ", "rehashes to feed to the younger generations ", "restage the whole thing ", "a serious debt to the road warrior ", "seem goofy rather than provocative ", "make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching ", "feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick ", "not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . ", "added clout ", "a genuinely funny ensemble ", "is n't one true ` chan moment ' ", "find that real natural , even-flowing tone ", "made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . ", "never rises above mediocrity ", "dumb , narratively chaotic , ", "succeeds in making neither ", "introduce video as art ", "fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences ", "whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . ", "of diverse political perspectives ", "deeply biased , and wholly ", "it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness ", "clunky ", "be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense ", "is an impossible task ", "big letdown ", "revolting ", "regards reign of fire with awe ", "big , tender hug ", "a satisfying kids flck ", "leave their families ", "seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast ", "that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ", "a gut punch ", "use of his particular talents ", "too full ", "whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep ", "just is n't a very involving one ", "strange ", "you 've actually spent time living in another community ", ", my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . ", "improved upon the first and ", "about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses ", "passion , grief and fear ", "really what we demand of the director ", "the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original ", "filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . ", "already-shallow ", "is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit ", "a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies ", "chillingly effective ", "great over-the-top ", "like john le carr\u00e9 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . ", "be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ", "is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . ", "the slippery slope ", "fun-loving libertine ", "throughout all the tumult ", "perceptive , good-natured ", "a weird and wonderful comedy ", "untrained in acting ", "a good deal funnier ", "an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek ", "escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions ", "treachery ", "good , dry , reliable textbook ", "the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this ", "( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . ", "a series of relentlessly nasty situations ", "a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and ", "a gratingly unfunny groaner ", "aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . ", "no other purpose ", "the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . ", ", colorful , semimusical ", "may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . ", "a lack ", "even a must-see ", "a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ", "heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ", "grievous but obscure ", "i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! ", "you second-guess your affection for the original ", "illustrates ", "their quirky inner selves ", "is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid ", "suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . ", "cute frissons ", "gut-clutching piece ", "is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents ", "an intriguing story of maternal instincts ", "historically significant ", "mentally `` superior '' friends ", "this comic gem ", "will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this ", "'s unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue ", "this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . ", "what gives human nature its unique feel ", "by a winning family story ", "a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . ", "'s meandering , low on energy , and too eager ", "unabashedly romantic ", "horrible '' and `` terrible ", "high-octane thriller ", "its brilliant touches ", "in a collectively stellar performance ", "energy and wit to entertain all ages ", "writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . ", "does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . ", "catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ", "the allegory with remarkable skill ", "the action looks fake ", ", the movie stirs us as well . ", "deal with the subject of love head-on ", "a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film ", "are n't many conclusive answers in the film ", "can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . ", "self-determination ", "inventive screenplay ", "has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . ", "distasteful and ", "some tasty grub "], "label": [1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1]}
